Hiller , 43 , then shot the three victims , according to police - - the women were shot on the third floor and the man she confronted on the stairs as she went down to the second floor where she barricaded herself into an office .
If you are new to this particular Palin scandal there is no better place to catch up then over at Andrew Halcro's now defunct blog .
Her lawyer negotiated with court officials to change the venue of her 90 - day treatment , and the actress traveled to nearby Rancho Mirage to register as a patient .
Undersea cable operator Seacom announced today ( 4 November 2011 ) that repairs have been completed on a broken cable off the coast of Egypt that caused an outage on its network .
In addition to Zurana Horton - who was a mother of 12 - another mom and an 11 - year - old girl were wounded by rooftop sniper Andrew Lopez , who told police his dozen rounds were intended for members of a rival gang .
Sheriff's deputies fanned out across Hawaiian Gardens late Friday in search of the gunman , who apparently surprised Deputy Jerry Ortiz , 35 , as he spoke to the woman in the doorway of her apartment .
People ran out of buildings in panic in the provincial capital Banda Aceh as the quake shook houses for around one minute , an AFP journalist at the scene said .
According to the same agency , the Deyrestan village saw serious destruction , while Tonban and Goursin were all but destroyed .
Lohan Checks into Betty Ford , Rehires Attorney
The site manager at the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington that has been damaged by fire , says it will take a couple of days to assess how much work needs to be done .
Police not searching for any other suspects in connection with double murders
Tremors from an earthquake registering 6 . 1 on the Richter scale 60km south west of Bandar Abbas in Iran were felt in Dubai today , prompting the evacuation of high - rise buildings on the Sheikh Zayed Road and in the Dubai Media City .
This despite the fact that , at the 11th hour , Lohan bailed on rehab in a New York facility that was approved by prosecutors and a judge and flew to L . A .
Twenty - year - old Andrew Lopez has been accused of carelessly firing at rival gang members from a rooftop .
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets in a nationwide strike to protest new taxes and government spending cuts demanded by the International Monetary Fund and other European nations before heavily indebted Greece gets a euro110 billion ( $141 billion ) loan package to keep it from defaulting .
SEACOM confirmed the problems on their Twitter account .
According to the California Highway Patrol , defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving last weekend on a freeway outside downtown .
Dozens of firefighters tackled the blaze at the supermarket after the alarm was raised at about 6am on Sunday morning .
According to authorities , he was driving his Bentley at about 1 : 00 am Sunday on highway 94 when the cops stopped him .
Jenkin , who was arrested at Millom Pier at around 9 . 35am , is also facing a charge of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal in relation to the dog's death .
He said 30 of the 80 wounded remained in hospital after the tremor , which destroyed or damaged an estimated 1 , 500 mudbrick houses in about 15 villages on the island and was felt across the Gulf in the United Arab Emirates .
The main temblor was followed by at least four major aftershocks , with magnitudes ranging from 3 . 6 to 4 . 3 , which increased the panic among villagers .
Testimony by a second witness has been delayed after allegedly threatened with death by the brother of the accused gunman
Santa Monica Chief Deputy City Attorney Terry White confirmed to the The Associated Press that Lohan has checked into an approved rehab facility .
Police said at least three people , a man and two women , were killed in the fire - bomb attack .
Jackson , also facing charges of driving while on probation for a prior DUI , has an arraignment set for Feb . 17 in San Diego Superior Court .
Williams was taken to a county jail where he later was released on bail .
CNN says Lohan's lawyer , Mark Heller , made the arrangements for Lohan to check into Morningside , but prosecutors have not approved that facility .
Four men rammed their car into an upmarket jewellery store in central Paris on Monday , smashing the shop window and making off with a two - million - euro ( $2 . 6 - million ) booty , a police source said .
It took the panel just over two hours to convict Lopez , who confessed after the shooting .
San Diego Chargers defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving , the team ’ s second such arrest in less than a month .
The quake appears to have shaken the provincial capital of Banda Aceh , which is located at the northern tip of the Sumatran land mass .
He went down again in the corner late in the round , and this time referee Sam Williams stopped it at 2 : 56 .
A 36 - year - old Australian man died on Friday after falling 150 meters from a ridge in Aoraki / Mt . Cook National Park on New Zealand ’ s South Island .
The case continued in his absence and a three day trial hearing was penciled in for October - the 23 - year old's due to enter his plea in September .
The actress re - hired longtime attorney Shawn Holley to handle her case .
Australian Ski Mountaineer Dies in Fall in New Zealand
Lopez told police he was aiming for rival gang members when a stray bullet hit the mother of 13 who was collecting her children from school .
Authorities say the incident began after the fifteen - year employee , 43 - year - old Yvonne Hiller , was suspended .
Police said the person killed was a 63 - year - old woman from Warren but would not name her .
Yesterday , a 36 - year - old Australian climber died after falling about 150 metres at Mt Cook .
Jim O'Brien was terminated from his position as head men's basketball coach at Ohio State University following the disclosure that he loaned a recruit's mother money .
A LARGE fire broke out at the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington town centre this morning ( July 21 ) .
A British man has been killed after falling around 2 , 000ft while climbing in New Zealand .
John Jenkin : Goth son held as mum and sister killed
A massive quake struck off Aceh in 2004 , sparking a tsunami that killed 170 , 000 people in the province on Sumatra and tens of thousands more in countries around the Indian Ocean .
"I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " a Bukit Sama village resident told AP .
Chargers lineman Jamal Williams faces DUI charges
Indonesia Aceh rescue operation after deadly earthquake
Her latest stay at Betty Ford comes after Lohan rear - ended a truck with her Porsche on Pacific Coast Highway on June 8 , and then lied to police , telling them she was not driving .
The two women and a man were killed during demonstrations by tens of thousands who marched through Athens .
By about 09 : 30 BST the fire was largely out , with crews checking for hotspots .
Two accused gangbangers went on trial Wednesday for tragically killing a mother of 12 as they were spraying bullets from a Brooklyn rooftop .
The refugees said the plane had circled before launching two bombing raids .
He shot Ortiz once in the head and fled , Peavy said .
Investigations into what caused the fire are ongoing .
Police were called to the family's terraced house in Millom , Cumbria , at 8 . 40am on Saturday and found the bodies of Alice McMeekin , 58 , and her university student daughter Katie Jenkin , 20 .
Accused Philadelphia Kraft Foods Killer Held For Trial
Riots Erupt Following Death of Brooklyn Teen Killed By Police
SEACOM said that their Mediterranean backhaul service provider is experiencing a service affecting outage between Abu Talat and Marseilles .
Williams was pulled over for speeding early Sunday on a freeway outside downtown , the California Highway Patrol said .
It was the pool — and wartime pinup pictures of her in bathing suits — that made her popular .
She died peacefully in her sleep and had been in declining health due to old age , spokesman Harlan Boll said .
Zurana Horton , 34 , was killed on Oct . 21 , 2011 while walking near an intersection in Brownsville after 2 p . m .
23 - year - old John Jenkin , of Millom , has been charged with the murder of his 58 - year - old mother , Alice McMeekin , and sister , Kathryn Jenkin , 20 , who is from Aberdare .
"We'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course .
Klitschko finally landed a long , straight right in the fifth and the round ended with Thompson struggling on the ropes .
Strong earthquake jolts southern Iran , felt in Oman
Magnitude - 6 . 1 quake hits Indonesia ; 1 dead
Fire destroys historic Mat Maid dairy building in Palmer
Seacom started to experience problems on Saturday , 8 October 2011 , which it said was caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat in Egypt and Marseilles in France .
Judge Philip Hickok told a packed courtroom that he weighed all the aggravating factors and mitigating circumstances in the ambush slaying of Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz in June 2005 , and he concluded that the case "absolutely warrants death instead of life without parole . "
There were no immediate reports of damage after the quake struck inland at a depth of just 10 kilometres ( 6 . 2 miles ) , 55 kilometres south of Bireun and 72 kilometres southeast of Reuleuet , said the USGS .
“ The “ Mean Girls ” star fooled an L . A Superior Court judge , a Santa Monica prosecutor and apparently her own lawyer , by pretending to check into a rehabilitation facility , but chickening out when she got there .
Shooting at Accounting Firm Leaves Woman Dead and 2 Hurt
King said that when he broke the news yesterday to O'Brien , "He asked why , and I told him that I just felt there were some things that took place that I don't think will change and we're going to make a change .
The dramatic footage was shown at the trial of two local toughs charged with killing Zurana Horton , 34 , on Oct . 21 , 2011 .
The 11 - year old girl survived an injury on her arm and graze wound on her face .
On Saturday , 32 - year - old Englishman Robert Buckley fell about 600m while climbing to a small hut on Mount Sefton with three companions .
Comeaux allegedly handcuffed the officers together in the vehicle and then took off with their weapons , MyFoxHouston . com reported .
A magnitude - 6 . 0 quake can cause severe damage .
Four men drove a 4x4 through the front window of the store on Rue de Castiglione , before making off with the jewellery and watches .
Initial estimates indicate that the total SEACOM repair time will be around twelve days
Lohan lawyer Mark Heller told L . A . Superior Court Judge James R . Dabney that Lohan had checked into a rehab , but prosecutors have not signed off on the facility , reports AP .
The Matanuska Maid Block Building , one of the oldest buildings in Palmer , burned to the ground in a spectacular fire Tuesday morning .
Latest on Waitrose supermarket fire
The 5 . 9 - magnitude quake struck Qeshm island , home to 120 , 000 people , and the city of Bandar Abbas , state media said .
Enraged protesters battle cops in Brooklyn streets during third night of rioting after it's revealed that 16 - year - old Kimani Gray was shot in the back
Comeaux also injured a man who was visiting another inmate at the time and tried to stop the attack .
BRIEF UNPLANNED SEACOM CABLE INTERNET OUTAGE
SEACOM cable problems may only be resolved next week
Four men rammed their car into an upmarket jewelry store in central Paris on Monday , smashing the shop window and stealing $2 . 6 million ( two million Euros ) in jewelry , according to AFP .
As MWEB also uses PeerApp's caching solution , it may help serve some P2P traffic without accessing the undersea cable .
Gangbangers who allegedly killed mom of 12 in crossfire begin trial
In October 2011 , Lopez and his co - defendant and half - brother Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , were arrested in connection with a shooting in Brownsville's Howard housing projects .
Esther Williams , Olympic swimmer turned actress and pinup girl , dies at 91
Chargers defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested early Sunday for suspicions of driving under the influence .
The 2004 tsunami that killed about 230 , 000 people across Asia was triggered by a massive 9 . 1 - magnitude quake off Aceh .
Suspended Worker Kills 2 Women in Kraft Factory Shooting : Police
Police have this morning charged him and he will appear before Furness District Magistrates .
Four bombs were dropped within just a few moments - two landed inside the camp itself , while the other two bombs were dropped near the airstrip where a UN helicopter was delivering much needed food aid .
Chargers Jamal Williams arrested for DUI
According to a relative , he had a history of mental health problems and had pleaded in vain to be kept locked up because he feared harming himself or someone else .
Convicted of second - degree murder and assault in the first degree , Lopez , 20 , faces a potential sentence of life in prison when he is sentenced by Justice Vincent Del Giudice .
Smith didn ’ t return a call seeking further comment .
Jon Owen , the city's public safety director , said a call came in from the Valley Hotel at 3 : 33 a . m . from someone who saw the vacant building across town on fire .
It's the same place the troubled starlet sought help in 2010 , where she got into a physical altercation with a staffer .
Upon arrival they found that the roof fire was quite significant .
She served another mandatory rehab sentence at the treatment center , although her stay there was not without drama .
Cheeks , who played for the Sixers for 11 seasons and served as an assistant coach for seven , was named coach after Jim O'Brien was relieved of his coaching duties .
Esther Williams , swimming star , dies at 91
"We can confirm that SEACOM is currently experiencing problems on their network .
This includes commercial Internet service providers , according to Seacom's tweet , which said that all such ISPs using Seacom capacity are no longer affected by the outage .
According to a report from TMZ published this week ( June 13 ) , the Mean Girls actress has had enough of the Palm Springs rehab centre and has decided to spend the rest of her court - ordered stay in a rehab centre in Malibu , named the Cliffside .
Brother double - murder charge
Carrasquillo allegedly ordered Lopez to shoot .
A powerful 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia's northwestern Aceh province on the island of Sumatra early Tuesday .
CHARGERS' WILLIAMS ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF DUI
"I see many houses were damages and their roofs fell onto some people , " said Bensu Elianita , a 22 year - old resident in Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district .
Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr : Texas Child Molester Escaped and Armed
His supervision was revoked and he returned to prison in May 1984 with a new charge of indecency with a child , given a new 20 year sentence .
Lohan was previously at Betty Ford from September 2010 to January 2011 after a probation violation in a prior drunk driving case .
Klitschko extended the domination of the heavyweight ranks he shares with his elder brother Vitali .
We take our stature in the community very seriously .
Williams , a three - time Pro Bowl nose tackle , was stopped for speeding westbound on state route 94 at approximately 1 : 30 a . m Sunday .
Steinberg , a partner in the firm , later told police LaCalamita loaded a shell into the shotgun's chamber and fired at him , hitting him in the hip area .
He was taken to the County jail where he was booked and released on bail .
Through the Chargers and the NFL , our players receive one of the most comprehensive education and support programs in sports to help them deal with issues that affect all segments of society . "
It also found true special circumstances of murder of a police officer intentionally killed while performing his duties , murder to avoid arrest , street gang murder , lying in wait . . . and that Orozco personally used a handgun to commit the murder and the attempted murder , the D . A . 's release says .
"I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " central Aceh district resident Bensu Elianita told the Associated Press .
The disturbing evidence was made public at the trial of the two men accused of killing Zurana Horton from a Brownsville rooftop in 2011 .
Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Betty Ford Clinic , Rehires Attorney Shawn Holley
On April 6 , an earthquake measuring 7 . 2 on the Richter scale struck eastern Indonesia's mountainous West Papua province .
Comeaux fled on foot following his escape .
A fired accountant bought a shotgun the day after he lost his job , then returned to the office the following week and opened fire on his bosses , wounding both and killing a receptionist , the Associated Press reported .
According to information from SEACOM the outage was caused by a terrestrial break in the fibre in Egypt on the SMW4 cable system .
Officials say that the quake was felt for around 15 seconds , from Banda Aceh , the regional capital , to Bener Meriah , one of the worst - hit areas .
Orozco was also convicted of the June 20 , 2005 attempted murder of a man shot in the back while doing yard work at a home in the 22000 block of Joliet Avenue in Hawaiian Gardens , a shooting that the jury also determined to be a street crime .
Behind her another mother was seen shot in her arm before staggering against a wall while trying to hide her own son from the alleged gang members' stray gunfire from a nearby rooftop .
A powerful 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia's northwestern Aceh province , on the island of Sumatra .
A source tells The Associated Press that the Liz & Dick star is now receiving treatment at the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , Calif . where she has spent time before .
Four of those elected to retire instead of facing disciplinary action , including the two officers who drove Comeaux in the van on the day he escaped .
New Delhi / Mumbai : An Indian warship foiled a five - boat pirate attack on merchant vessels transiting the Gulf of Aden on Friday capturing 26 Somani brigands on three of the skiffs and confiscating their weapons .
Greece's parliament is due to vote on the hefty cuts and reforms proposed by the government to address the country's financial crisis .
Summary : MWEB has managed to restore 83% of the required capacity on SEACOM .
An earthquake measuring at least magnitude - 5 . 9 shook a sparsely populated area of southern Iran on Sunday , flattening seven villages and killing 10 people , officials said .
Stunning Williams quickly achieved movie success and pin - up status , due to her swimmer's physique being regularly snapped in bathing suits .
5 . 9 Earthquake Jolts Iran
A MAN was last night being quizzed by cops over the double murders of his mum and sister .
Police are continuing to investigate a fire at a Waitrose supermarket in Wellington .
New Zealand : British Climber Killed In Fall
LaCalamita shot Riva in the upper chest , then left the building , Whiteside said .
Two climbers killed in Mt Cook falls
A commotion breaks out as the three mothers and two children press up against a storefront for safety .
The suspect , identified as Anthony LaCalamita , entered the second - floor office of the accounting firm , Gordon Advisors , about 10 a . m . and opened fire , the police said .
John Jenkin , 23 , released from secure mental hospital against his wishes
Hooded youths hurled petrol bombs at stores and businesses in the Greek capital , setting the bank and two government buildings ablaze .
San Diego Chargers Defensive Tackle Faces DUI Charges
Sheriff Deputy Ortiz , 35 , with LASD's Gang Enforcement Unit , was killed June 24 , 2005 outside an apartment in the 12000 block of East 223rd Street in Hawaiian Gardens while investigating a June 20 shooting in which Orozco was a suspect .
An accounting firm employee who was fired last week shot and killed a woman and wounded two men Monday at the suburban Detroit building where he worked , then led officers on a high - speed chase , police said .
The 26 - year troubled starlet narrowly avoided jail time by checking into a second rehab center following her quick exit from Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , Calif . on Thursday , May 2 .
Lindsay Lohan Checks Out Of Rehab . . . To Check Into Different Rehab Centre
He initially was imprisoned on February 1979 on three 10 - year sentences for rape of a child , aggravated rape of a child , and burglary of a building with the intent to commit theft .
The Athens protest march marking the zenith of the general strike called for the 5th of May was attended by an approximate 200 , 000 ( 20 , 000 which is the foreign broadcast number referring to the PAME march alone ) , although because of lack of media coverage due to the media participation in the general strike no concrete estimates can be made .
Paris : Jewellery Stolen In Casty Shop Raid
The day following Rait ’ s death an inexperienced and reportedly ill - equipped mountain climber with rental gear , 31 - year - old Robert Buckley of the U . K . but living in Christchurch , New Zealand , slipped on ice and fell 700 meters to his own death elsewhere in the same National Park .
Superior Court Judge James R . Dabney agreed in the hearing that Lohan should remain at Morningside , although the actress ’ whereabouts were unknown .
Lohan reportedly pulled up to Morningside in an SUV but the vehicle left without the actress ever getting out .
Comeaux , a 6 - foot , 200 - pound black male , was serving a life sentence for crimes he committed in three Texas counties .
Riots over harsh new austerity measures left three bank workers dead and engulfed the streets of Athens on Wednesday , as angry protesters tried to storm parliament , hurled Molotov cocktails at police and torched buildings .
Cheeks returns as Sixers' fixer Jim O'Brien was shown the door after a single tumultuous season .
The police source , who wished to remain anonymous , said the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store in the early hours of the morning and grabbed jewellery and luxury watches worth an estimated two million euros .
A Brooklyn jury has returned a guilty verdict for Andrew Lopez for the murder of Zurana Horton and the injury of two others .
One Australian and one English climber have fallen to their deaths in New Zealand .
Friends and neighbours were shocked by the murders of the animal - loving divorced mother - of - two and her daughter , who was studying in South Wales and was on a weekend visit home .
A man fired four days earlier from his job as an accountant walked into his old office , passed by the receptionist and made his way to a manager's office with the purpose of killing him with a shotgun , a police sergeant said Wednesday during the man's arraignment .
Texas convict Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , riding in wheelchair , pulls gun on guards , escapes on foot
Jenkin was due to appear via videolink from HMP Preston , but did not do so as he was considered a risk to his own safety and that of other people , according to crown prosecutor Susan Carter .
Many houses were damaged and dozens of villagers were injured .
A jury on Tuesday convicted a man charged in an April 2007 shooting at a Troy accounting firm that left a receptionist dead and two managing partners wounded .
He ’ d been dropped off by helicopter with a group and was walking to a hut when he fell , sliding down a steep slope and over a cliff .
As news of her death spread Thursday , pinup shots of her circulated on Twitter .
Wladimir Klitschko defeats Tony Thompson in six rounds
Williams , 32 , was going west in his 2008 Bentley about 1 : 30 a . m . , CHP Officer Brian Pennings said .
Williams died peacefully in her sleep Thursday in Beverly Hills , family spokesman Harlan Boll announced .
A spokesperson from Waitrose explained that no one was hurt in the incident and was grateful to the emergency services for their quick response and effective help .
Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to retain his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts Saturday night .
Lindsay Lohan has checked into a rehab facility to comply with her sentence in a misdemeanor driving case , but her arrival there was not without drama .
She then grips her chest and collapses to the ground .
France hit by another jewellery heist
The gruesome death on a busy Brownsville street was captured in a chilling surveillance tape played at trial .
Witnesses say Horton died trying to shield several students .
At the time of writing battles continue to rage in the inner city , while news broadcasts claim the police is mobilising its forces to storm an anarchist squat in Exarcheia .
Kraft Shooting : Yvonne Hiller Charged With Two Counts Of Murder
Tehran's seismologic center said the quake measured magnitude - 5 . 9 , but the U . S . Geological Survey in Golden , Colo . , said it was a magnitude - 6 . 1 temblor .
Troy , Mich . police said Anthony LaCalamita III , 38 , targeted two managers and also may have intended to shoot another one .
Heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko once again displayed his dominance by scoring a sixth round stoppage against American contender Tony Thompson .
Mweb announced on 12 October 2011 that their services through Seacom were running at full capacity again .
Brother charged after Aberdare woman found dead
Last moments of Brooklyn mother of 12 killed in crossfire caught on tape
In the week following the fatal shooting of 16 - year - old Kimani Gray , several protests and riots have erupted in the teen's Brooklyn neighborhood as the cops involved have come under scrutiny for previous reported civil rights violations .
Actress and champion swimmer Esther Williams , who showcased a combination of glamour and athleticism by starring in several spectacular and splashy MGM musicals of the 1940s and '50s , has died .
Two , she shot and killed there in the room .
Texas inmate Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . escaped when he was being transported to a prison in Beaumont from Huntsville .
On Saturday , 32 - year - old Englishman Robert Buckley , originally from Essex , but living in Christchurch , fell about 2 , 000ft while climbing to a small hut on Mount Sefton with three companions .
Warship INS Sukanya on Thursday foiled a piracy attempt in the Gulf of Aden between Somalia and Yemen .
Of the bombs that landed inside the camp , one detonated about a quarter mile from the NP compound .
Texas prisoner captured after week on the run
Between 1991 and 1998 , Comeaux was in and out of prison on parole violations until he finally returned to prison in June 1999 to serve a life sentence for aggravated sexual assault .
Authorities have charged Andrew Lopez and Jonathan Carrasquillo with her murder .
A trial date's been set for a Millom man accused of murdering his mother and sister .
On Monday a group of about 130 people were marching toward the 67th Police Precinct station when about two dozen young protesters splintered off — drawing riot police — and trashed a Rite Aid .
San Diego Chargers defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving , the team's second such arrest in less than a month .
After the tragic death of the three workers made the round of Athens , new clashes started to spread in the Greek capital , with a large crowd gathered outside the burned bank when Marfin's boss tried to visit the site .
Navy foils Somali pirate attack off Gulf of Aden
The Indian Navy patrolling the Gulf of Aden on Thursday thwarted a multi - boat attack by sea brigands on merchant vessels , apprehending 26 Somali pirates and confiscating arms and ammunition , in the fifth successful anti - piracy operation since September .
Waitrose Wellington fire : Man denies arson
SEACOM has previously issued a statement on the current problem with the cable :
The fire started when demonstrators hurled Molotov cocktail fire bombs at the Bank .
A 35 - year - old sheriff ’ s deputy working with an anti - gang unit was killed Friday when he knocked on the door of a home and someone shot him in the head , authorities said .
An 8 . 7 - magnitude earthquake also hit off the city of Banda Aceh in Sumatra Island in May 2012 , triggering regional tsunami alerts .
A FIRE - BOMB attack on a bank in Athens left at least three people dead as police fought pitched battles with striking protesters furious at brutal spending cuts designed to avoid national bankruptcy .
A plea and case management hearing will be held on September 6 .
A police source said the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store at around 4 . 30am and grabbed jewellery and luxury watches worth an estimated two million euros ( £1 . 7 million ) .
THREE PEOPLE HAVE DIED IN A BLAZE that broke out at MARFIN EGNATIA BANK , on Stadiou Street , downtown Athens .
His sister Katie Jenkin , 20 , and mother Alice McMeekin , 58 , were found dead in a home in Millom , Cumbria
Aceh was hit extremely hard by the massive "Boxing Day" earthquake and tsunami in 2004 , killing 170 , 000 people in Sumatra alone - with 35 , 000 bodies never recovered .
Horton was struck by a stray bullet as Lopez targeted rival gang members .
At 2 : 18 p . m . , Horton and two other moms are seen approaching a Brownsville intersection as a yellow school bus rolls up .
Sunday , for the second time in less than four weeks , a Chargers player was pulled over in the early - morning hours and arrested on suspicion of DUI .
A powerful 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake struck the Indonesian province of Aceh with no tsunami warning issued
In a sad and surprising reversal of gender roles , a disgruntled woman opened fire at a Kraft factory in Philadelphia last night , killing two workers and wounding two others .
A strong 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake struck Indonesia's northwestern province of Aceh today , causing buildings to collapse and injuring at least 50 people .
The state's Fire Marshal's office is assisting in the investigation of the cause of the fire , and anyone with knowledge of the fire is asked to call Palmer Police Sergeant Shayne La Croix at 907 - 745 - 4811 .
Dozens gathered to remember 16 - year - old Kimani Gray .
Paris hit by 2 mn - euro jewelry heist
Subsea cable operator Seacom announced on Twitter today ( 14 October 2011 ) that they have restored all their business customers on alternate routes following an outage expected to extend into next week .
Vincent Jackson , the Chargers receiver , was also recently arrested on allegations of DUI .
Heller told a judge during a hearing Thursday morning that Lohan had checked in to the Morningside Recovery rehab facility , but the starlet left it after a few minutes .
“ Lindsay is grateful for the treatment she received at the Betty Ford Center .
After the Blazers fired Cheeks . . . it was only a matter of time before Philly and Cheeks hooked up again .
By 8 . 30am crews were using thermal imaging cameras to identify hotspots and an investigation into the cause of the fire was under way .
One of the bombs landed in a school yard where about 300 students were attending class , but the bomb did not explode , Boyette said , citing aid workers at the camp .
The heist near Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes .
A Reuters correspondent reported hearing a large explosion , then saw "a crater about two metres ( 6 . 6 feet ) wide , an unexploded bomb wedged in the side of a school building and a white aircraft flying north .
While two of them managed to escape , INS Sukanya successfully intercepted the remaining three boats and , in a well - practiced and professionally executed boarding - and - search action , nabbed 26 Somali pirates with six AK 47 rifles , 12 magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition .
It seems Lindsay Lohan has had enough of New York attorney Mark Jay Heller .
Three people , one of them a pregnant woman , were killed when Greeks protesting against government austerity measures threw petrol bombs at a bank in Athens on Wednesday .
A powerful earthquake hit southern Iran on Sunday , causing major destruction in seven villages and killing 10 people and injuring 80 .
Paris Store Hit by $2 . 6 Million Jewelry Heist
On Friday , 36 - year - old Duncan Raite died after slipping and falling about 60 metres ( 200 feet ) from a ridge .
Seacom restored for commercial ISPs on alternate routes
Man held after sis and mum murdered
Championship swimmer - turned - legendary Hollywood actress Esther Williams has died .
fast - moving fire destroyed the historic Matanuska Maid warehouse early this morning .
Tuesday the crowd was mostly calm , but on Wednesday — the same day Gray's autopsy showed he had been shot seven times — part of the 200 person crowd became unruly .
"Vodafone , along with the country's three telecom providers has been affected by a damage in one of Telecom Egypt's fiber cables in a wire going from the Ramsis Communications Center all the way to Sadat City , " said Khaled Hegazy , Vodafone's external affairs director .
Lohan had checked into Morningside Recovery Center Thursday morning , but then left because “ she was not happy with the place , ” her father said .
The actress checked into the Betty Ford Center in May as part of a plea deal stemming from her June 2012 car accident case .
He put on one officer's gray uniform and black boots , then stole a 12 - gauge shotgun and two semi - automatic pistols before fleeing on foot , leaving his pistol behind .
The police said that two plainclothes officers fatally shot the teenager , Kimani Gray , just before 11 : 30 p . m . on Saturday after he brandished a revolver and pointed it at them .
Klitschko ( 58 - 3 , 51 KO ) bombed Thompson with a vicious right hand in the fifth round , putting him down late in the frame .
Philadelphia is certainly banking on the former point guard to have a happier homecoming than O'Brien , a Philadelphia native who played for Saint Joseph's .
He was at large until Dec . 7 , when he was found shoeless , wet and hungry at a north Houston business , where he asked to use the phone .
Peaceful protest for Kimani Gray turned chaotic tonight as 100 people rioted and threw bottles at officers
He said he did not know how fast Williams was going .
"And she showed up [ at Morningside Recovery ] in the morning and hated it .
Charged with Murdering Sheriff ’ s Deputy
We'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course .
White said he has received confirmation that Lohan has checked in to a rehab facility and he is satisfied with her location .
This anti - piracy action by INS Sukanya was the fifth successful operation by its crew during its current patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden since September this year .
Cybersmart posted on its website that their Seacom service was restored at 10 : 57 on 11 October 2011 .
On April 20 , a 6 . 4 - magnitude earthquake jolted Indonesia's Maluku , but caused no casualties or material damage .
SEACOM downtime has local ISPs scrambling to keep customers online ; MWEB issues an update
6 . 1 - magnitude quake strikes Indonesia's Aceh province
After leaving rehab in Newport Beach , Calif . , less than an hour after checking in on Thursday , Lindsay Lohan admitted herself to the Betty Ford Center , according to TMZ . com .
Lohan ’ s attorney , Shawn Holley , spoke out about the move .
Receptionist Madeline Kafoury was standing in the doorway of Riva's office , and the gunman fatally shot her in the midsection , Whiteside said .
The UN refugee agency on Friday strongly condemned the aerial bombing of a temporary refugee camp in South Sudan sheltering more than 20 , 000 civilians fleeing from conflict in neighbouring Sudan's Nuba Mountains .
The general strike was staged as a protest against a new round of draconian austerity measures .
Prosecutor Terry White told The Post a couple hours after a court hearing — where Lohan ’ s lawyer Mark Heller said she was “ ensconced in the bosom ” of Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach — “ I hear she ’ s on her way to LAX and getting on a flight back to New York . ”
Vodafone Egypt said some users are continuing to face slight problems due to damage in Telecom Egypt's cables which began in central Cairo .
Numerous broadband users complained about international connectivity problems this morning , caused by problems on the SEACOM cable .
A Norwalk jury on Tuesday ordered execution for a gang member convicted of murdering a Los Angeles County Sheriff's deputy in June 2005 .
Officials said Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , 49 , took two transport officers hostage on Monday morning and then escaped from the vehicle and took off on foot , MyFoxHouston . com reports .
He was given two extra life sentences after being convicted of stabbing his wife and another person in 1999 while she visited him in prison .
NYPD officers shot and killed the teen late Saturday night .
The case was heard in his absence and a provisional trial date was set for October 28 , with a duration of three days .
He faces up to 75 years to life in prison when he's sentenced May 7 .
He faces one charge of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal in relation to the dog's death .
Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to keep a comfortable hold on his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts on Saturday in Bern , Switzerland .
TDCJ officials could answer few questions about how convicted rapist Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , 49 , escaped Monday from a prison van in Baytown after pulling a gun and handcuffing two transport officers , stealing their three guns and walking away .
Wladimir Klitschko retained his IBF , WBO , WBA & IBO heavyweight world titles with a second professional victory over Tony Thompson on Saturday .
Three people died in a burning bank as tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets of Athens during a general strike over the Greek government's planned spending cuts .
Williams in a bathing suit became a favorite pinup of GI's in World War II , and her popularity continued afterward .
SEACOM downtime explained
In a statement published on its official website , Seacom said that a repair vessel is now in transit .
Lindsay Lohan checks into unapproved rehab
Yvonne Hiller , 43 , is charged with murder for the shooting deaths of two female co - workers in September 2010 .
Lopez was reportedly aiming for an 11 - year old girl whom he was in a dispute with over a cell - phone .
Detroit Office Shooter Charged With Murder , Attempted Murder
“ We take our stature in the community very seriously .
Comeaux was serving life in prison for aggravated sexual assault out of Brazos County .
Lindsay Lohan ’ s attorney said Thursday the actress checked into a California rehab facility , but a state official said it is unlicensed to perform the type of restrictive in - patient treatment a judge required the actress to receive in a misdemeanor driving case .
"This has affected and continues to affect communications especially in parts of Alexandria and Suez governorates , " he said .
When the church fire destroyed church records , I suspected foul play , but knew that it was probably just chance .
The day before Buckley's death another climber , 36 - year - old Duncan Rait , died after slipping and falling about 200 feet from a ridge in the same national park .
Rescue operations are under way after a 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia's Aceh province , flattening houses and causing landslides .
Lopez has been charged with murder ; his two half - brothers , 17 and 22 , were also arrested .
Arson suspected in fire that destroyed Alaska's Mat - Maid dairy
KYW ’ s Pat Loeb reports that the shooting took place just after 8 : 30pm Thursday night inside the old Nabisco factory , along the 12000 block of Roosevelt Boulevard , at Woodhaven Road .
Deputy Ortiz was shot to death outside an apartment in the 12000 block of East 223rd Street .
The family's border collie , named Fenn , was found dead in the backyard of the house .
A powerful earthquake in Indonesia's Aceh province flattened buildings and sparked landslides Tuesday , killing at least five people and injuring dozens in a region devastated by the quake - triggered tsunami of 2004 .
3 dead after protesters torch Greek bank
Rapt jurors yesterday watched surveillance video of the chilling moment that a Brooklyn mom was fatally struck by stray gunfire and slowly fell over into a pool of her own blood .
Yesterday , Armstead told jurors at the Brooklyn Supreme Court trial about the moment she was struck in the shooting , which was allegedly sparked by a gangland territorial beef .
Williams , who was booked into county jail and later released on bail , did give a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test .
Lopez and his brother Kristian , who was also arrested , are believed to be members of a gang called 8 Block .
Mr Buckley's death came a day after 36 - year - old Duncan Rait was killed after slipping and falling 200ft from a ridge in the same national park .
Lindsay hasn't messed around in getting to the new facility either and she is reportedly already a patient of the Cliffside rehab centre , having checked out of the Betty Ford Centre on Thursday ( June 13 ) this week and committing herself to Cliffside almost immediately afterward .
The escape triggered a lockdown at Lee College and three campuses in the Goose Creek school district , in and around Baytown .
The man accused of shooting his three former co - workers is Anthony LaCalamita III , a 38 - year - old Troy resident who was fired from Gordon Advisors on Thursday .
Cumbria double murder : Son suspected of killing mother and sister 'had begged to stay locked up in mental hospital'
Seacom's business customers , including commercial Internet Service Providers , have had their services restored via alternative routes , Seacom announced today
Aceh was hit extremely hard by the massive Boxing Day earthquake and tsunami in 2004 , killing 170 , 000 people in Sumatra alone - with 35 , 000 bodies never recovered .
The epicenter of the quake , which originated six miles beneath the surface , was located 34 miles west of the town of Bireun , near the western coast of Sumatra island , according to the U . S . Geological Survey .
English and Australian climbers fall to their deaths in New Zealand mountains
As police and military personnel struggled to reach affected areas late Tuesday , there were two aftershocks of more than 5 . 0 magnitude .
Deputy's killer gets death sentence
Brooklyn vigil for slain teen killed by NYPD snowballs into full blown riot
Seacom restored via alternative routes
'It sounds like a war zone' : Chaos in Brooklyn as 100 teenagers 'riot' on the streets following vigil of 16 - year - old who was shot dead by NYPD plainclothes cops
( Tue , 16 Aug 2011 ) This morning one of the Wits Internet Service providers , SEACOM , experienced an outage affecting International Internet browsing .
John Jenkin , 23 , of Newton Street , Millom was arrested Saturday morning after police found two women dead in a house .
A female receptionist died and two men , believed to be "management level employees , " underwent surgery for gunshot wounds at Royal Oak Beaumont Hospital , Scherlinck said .
Footage Of Brooklyn Mother's Fatal Shooting Released During Trial
Although formal identification has not yet taken place , Cumbria police announced the identities of the victims and Mr Jenkin , who has also been charged with animal cruelty after the family dog was found dead at the house .
Sixers' Coach Jim O'Brien was fired today and taking over will be former Portland Trailblazers Coach . . .
Lindsay Lohan checks into rehab at Betty Ford Center , rehires longtime lawyer Shawn Holley
Protesters also tried to storm the Greek Parliament and the rioting spread to Greece's second city , Thessaloniki .
The guards , who were unharmed , were forced to drive to the Baytown area , where Comeaux took their weapons , handcuffed them together and ran away .
That ’ s exactly what LiLo ’ s lawyer Mark Heller did in court this morning .
Now that Lohan is back at Betty Ford Center , she has also decided to rehire her former attorney Shawn Holley , who had been at her side during many of her courtroom appearances .
His half - brother , Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , who allegedly instructed Lopez to take care of their enemies , is also on trial for murder .
The quake struck inland at 0737 GMT at a depth of just 10 kilometres ( 6 . 2 miles ) in the mountainous Bener Meriah district in the heart of Aceh , the US Geological Survey said .
The refugee agency is concerned by the escalating tensions in the border areas between Sudan and South Sudan , where hundreds of thousands of civilians have been uprooted since June as a result of fighting .
Prior to this check - in to Betty Ford , which was first reported by TMZ . com , California prosecutors had said late Thursday that the troubled actress , 26 , would be arrested if she continued to flout a court order to enter a rehab facility .
Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr , Prison Inmate , Pulls Gun On And Handcuffs Guards , Runs Away
"The vessel has received the master permit for this repair ; operational permits are being finalized and should be received prior to arrival on the repair ground , " Seacom said .
Around 2 : 18 p . m . , Horton and two other Moms are seen waiting at an intersection as a yellow bus pulls up to the curb .
"A gunman shot three people at a suburban Detroit office building Monday morning , and officers were searching for the shooter , police said .
An earthquake with a magnitude of at least 5 . 9 hit southern Iran on Sunday , killing at least 10 people and injuring many others .
Police intervened after more than 100 people joined together for a candlelit vigil in the East Flatbush neighborhood in Brooklyn , New York , where 16 - year - old Kimani Gray was shot multiple times by police on Saturday .
According to an MWEB update - "Some more bandwidth was brought online last night [ 10 October 2011 ] bringing us up to 83% of our required capacity .
The brother of a woman from Aberdare found dead in Cumbria on Saturday has been charged with her murder .
Horton pushes a child out of the way , grips her chest , then collapses to the ground next to a pool of her own blood .
Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Rehab , Checks Out Two Minutes Later
Hiller was charged with two counts of murder , one count of attempted murder , aggravated assault and other charges .
Last week Friday ( 14 October 2011 ) , Seacom announced that it had restored services to its business customers , which included Internet service providers , via alternate routes .
"I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " Bensu Elianita , a 22 - year - old resident of Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district , said shortly after the quake hit .
A five - boat pirate attack on merchant vessels transiting the Gulf of Aden was foiled by an Indian warship that was on escort duty , capturing 26 Somani brigands on three of the skiffs and confiscating their weapons , a naval officer said here Friday .
"Initial estimates indicate that the total repair time will be around twelve days depending on weather conditions .
A Superior Court jurty in Norwalk today convicted a Hawaiian Gardens gang member of murdering L . A . County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz in June , 2005 .
2 Dead , 1 Wounded in Shooting at NE Phila . Kraft Plant
FIRE crews from Tiverton and Cullompton were this morning called in to help fight a major blaze at the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington .
"My client is ensconced in the bosom of that facility right now , " Heller argued after a prosecutor objected to Lohan's choice of rehab facilities .
Klitschko extended the domination of the heavyweight ranks he shares with his older brother , Vitali .
French police are investigating a daring jewellery robbery in Paris - the latest in a series of high - profile thefts in France this summer .
Zurana Horton was killed when the accused thugs Andrew Lopez , 20 and Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , were spraying bullets from a rooftop in Brownsville , Brooklyn and one richocheted off a wall .
Services on Egypt's three telecom operators were disrupted in parts of Alexandria on Tuesday afternoon , and some users in Cairo experienced slower internet connections due to "downtime" in a submarine cable .
Indonesia earthquake : 24 dead and over 200 injured as 6 . 1 magnitude quake hits Aceh province
Strong earthquake hits Indonesia's Aceh province
The sixth aftershock shook this southern Iranian island in the Persian Gulf on Monday as death toll from a strong earthquake a day before rose to 10 .
During Lohan's stay at the famed Betty Ford Center in 2010 , Lohan was accused of attacking a female staffer , but she was not charged .
Police struggled to control a furious crowd that broke away from a planned peaceful vigil .
Anger in East Flatbush Persists Over Teenager ’ s Killing by the Police
Prosecutors showed the tragic footage at the trial of the two youths charged with murdering Horton .
"Fortunately there were no casualties in the camp and we are verifying the situation of surrounding communities , " he told journalists in Geneva .
A 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake which hit the Indonesian province of Aceh on Tuesday killed at least one person , injured dozens and destroyed buildings , sparking panic in a region devastated by the quake - triggered tsunami of 2004 .
France jewels thefts : Robbers ram 4x4 into Paris shop
Fired Accountant Goes on Shooting Spree
Also in the capital , a large group of people attempted to break through a riot police cordon guarding the parliament building .
The quake hit inland at a depth of just 10km , 55km south of Bireun and 72 km southeast of Reuleuet , the US Geological Survey said .
And the contest was over when Thompson hit the canvas again in the sixth .
Eyewitnesses and local residents say many homes and properties have collapsed or been damaged .
The 36 - year - old champion Klitschko , 58 - 3 with 51 knockouts , floored Thompson with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American never recovered .
The NYDN says that LiLo eventually made it to Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , but two minutes after she walked through the door , she walked back through it and left .
The results from the test were released Wednesday and showed a level of 0 . 07 percent - - just under the California legal limit of 0 . 08 percent .
SEACOM problems only resolved next week
Powerful earthquake injures dozens in Indonesia's Aceh province
Throughout WWII , she was a popular pinup for GIs , and her personality and self - deprecating wit kept her popular afterwards .
After the shooting Gray was rushed to a hospital but was declared dead on arrival .
The initial tremor lasted just over 10 seconds , she says , and there have been at least four aftershocks of around 4 . 0 .
A series of aftershocks have hit the island since it was first rocked by a magnitude - 5 . 9 earthquake early Sunday afternoon .
"Thompson was not so easy to box .
This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by Sukanya , in the course of her ongoing patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden , which commenced in September .
Boyette said a U . N . helicopter had landed on a nearby airstrip right as the first bomb hit .
A 36 - year - old Australian climber is dead after falling about 150 metres at Aoraki Mount Cook .
The magnitude - 6 . 1 quake struck at a depth of just 10 kilometers ( six miles ) and its epicenter was located 55 kilometers ( 34 miles ) west of the town of Bireun on the western tip of Sumatra island , the US Geological Survey said .
It seems that another incident of an undersea telecommunications cable being severed on Tuesday has resulted in partially blocking internet and mobile services in Alexandria and some other governorates .
The video shows Zurana Horton falling to the ground surrounded by kids in the moments after gunfire erupted outside her children's school .
She said people in the village ran out from their houses in panic and screamed for help .
The scenes of violence on blocks near the NYPD ’ s 67th Precinct stationhouse followed a protest march that grew out of a candlelight vigil for Kimani ( Kiki ) Gray , 16 , killed by police bullets on Saturday .
Gray was killed on March 9 by police who claim he pointed a gun at Sgt . Mourad Mourad and Officer Jovaniel Cordova before they opened fire .
The 6 . 1 - magnitude quake struck inland at a depth of just 10 kilometers in the mountainous Bener Meriah district in the heart of Aceh , the US Geological Survey said .
The repair is now expected to be completed in late October , but Seacom warned that "the usual exogenous factors associated with sub - sea repairs , including weather and currents , may further impact the repair . "
City Attorney spokeswoman Gina Coburn told the Union - Tribune the case remains under review and is being investigated further .
Both guards were released after being forced to drive to the Baytown area , where Comeaux ran way .
In 2008 , last time the pair met , the bout went 11 rounds before the Ukrainian emerged triumphant .
Indian Navy foils attack in Gulf of Aden , nabs 26 pirates
Jenkin was due to appear via videolink from HMP Preston but did not do so as he was considered a risk to his own safety and that of other people , said crown prosecutor Susan Carter .
In the days following Gray's death , it's been revealed that both Mourad and Cordova have reportedly been named in five federal lawsuits with plaintiffs alleging civil rights violations .
Three people died when an Athens bank went up in flames Wednesday as tens of thousands of Greeks took to the streets to protest harsh spending cuts aimed at saving the country from bankruptcy .
Protesters tried to storm parliament but were pushed back by riot police shortly before it started to debate the austerity bill .
The quake , which struck at 1353 ( 1023 GMT ) , was felt in the neighbouring Gulf states of Oman and the UAE .
The trial will resume Monday with testimony from a man who purportedly told prosecutors he has been threatened with death by Lopez's brother .
The seismological bases of Tehran University registered a quake measuring 3 . 8 on the Richter scale at 09 : 10 hours ( 0440 GMT ) on Monday .
But Justice Vincent DelGiudice made clear the witness is reluctant to take the stand .
Pinup girl Williams was the star of WWII - era "aquatic musicals" and helped make the sport of synchronized swimming popular .
Alice lived in the pebble - dashed terrace in Millom , Cumbria , with �unemployed John .
This time the fire occurred at the Matanuska Maid Creamery .
A smash - and - grab on a high end Paris store saw four robbers make off with jewelry and watches valued at over $2 . 6 million early Monday .
The 34 - year - old mother was struck in the chest from a bullet that ricocheted off a fence in her Brownsville neighborhood in Oct . 2011 , authorities said .
Wladimir Klitschko stops Tony Thompson in 6 with efficient execution
O'Brien sued , claiming he was terminated without cause , and both parties filed motions for summary judgment .
Meanwhile , local Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) who use bandwidth on the SEACOM cable have been scrambling to implement contingency plans to keep their customers connected .
6 . 1 - magnitude quake strikes Indonesia's Aceh province in region hit by 2004 tsunami
A powerful earthquake has hit southern Iran , destroying several villages and killing at least three people and injuring others , according to reports .
Lindsay Lohan Leaves Betty Ford , Checks Into Malibu Rehab
The Texas Department of Criminal Justice is searching for an escaped inmate who is considered armed and dangerous , MyFoxHouston . com reports .
Hawaiian Gardens Gangmember Convicted Of Murdering Lakewood Stn . Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz
On Friday , 36 - year - old Duncan Rait died after slipping and falling about 60m from a ridge near the Tasman Glacier .
The champion cornered Thompson toward the end of the sixth , and landed punches to the head though no single blow appeared to cause serious damage .
After facing serious questions about how 900 prohibited cell phones were smuggled into Texas prisons this year , along with drugs and weapons , the Texas Department of Criminal Justice found itself on the defensive again Tuesday while trying to find an inmate who escaped despite being shackled to a wheelchair .
A British climber has fallen 2 , 000ft to his death on a mountain in New Zealand , police there have said .
John Jenkin was due to appear via video link at Preston Crown Court today but didn't because he's currently considered too much of a danger to himself and others .
The new death toll came after the bodies of two more victims were found in the village of Ziranag which is one of the 12 worst - hit villages in the quake , Qeshm Governor Heydar Alishvandi said .
The quake also triggered landslides and caused hundreds of people to be evacuated to 10 temporary shelters .
The star of such MGM movie hits as “ Take Me Out to the Ball Game , ” "Jupiter's Darling" and "Million Dollar Mermaid , " passed away in Beverly Hills , Calif . , on Thursday at the age of 91 .
One of the two Mothers with Horton that day testified at the trial .
A 27 - year - old parolee is found 'cowering in a bathtub' near the house where Jerry Ortiz had been shot in the head a few hours earlier .
A Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department deputy — a recently married father of two sons — died after a shooting Friday afternoon in Hawaiian Gardens , according to the sheriff's department .
Chargers defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving , the team's second such arrest in less than a month .
On Saturday 8 June 2013 , at 8 : 39am police were called to a property in Newton Street where Mrs McMeekin and Miss Jenkin were tragically found dead with head injuries .
Violence also broke out in the northern city of Thessaloniki , where another 20 , 000 people marched through the city center and some youths smashed store windows .
Horton was shot and killed in October 2011 when gunfire erupted outside . . .
Both are charged with murder , with Lopez standing accused of letting off 13 shots in Horton's death .
A 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake which hit the Indonesian province of Aceh on Tuesday killed a child , injured dozens and destroyed buildings , sparking panic in a region devastated by the quake - triggered tsunami of 2004 .
According to news reports that began at 14 : 00 Greek time after , under pressure by the events , most radio and TV stations decided to break their strike , claim that the fire at Marfin Bank's Stadiou street branch that has led to the death of three workers ( one a pregnant woman ) was started by protesters .
The Nov . 30 escape by Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , a convicted rapist recaptured last month after eight days on the run in Baytown and Houston , has led to unprecedented fallout at the prison unit where he was housed , with the largest number of TDCJ employees ever facing termination or disciplinary action because of a single incident , said TDCJ Inspector General John Moriarty .
State media said three strong aftershocks were felt .
At around 4 : 30 a . m . local time ( 11 . 30 p . m . ET ) the thieves rammed an SUV into the front of the Casty store , near the prestigious Place Vendome , a well - known square in the center of the French capital that is home to a number of jewelers and high - end stores .
A Michigan man shot to death one person and injured two others Monday at the suburban Detroit accounting firm from which he was fired last week , police said .
Chargers defensive lineman Jamal Williams was arrested early Sunday on suspicion of drunken driving after he was speeding down state Route 94 , the California Highway Patrol said .
The SEACOM undersea cable , which provides a data link between South Africa , Europe and India , experienced downtime beginning on Saturday 8 October 2011 , caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat ( Egypt ) and Marseilles ( France ) .
An earlier hearing at Furness Magistrates' Court , in Barrow , heard they had "severe head injuries" .
He was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , the California Highway Patrol said .
Troy , Michigan Office Shooting Follow - Up - 1 Dead , 2 Injured , and Suspect Caught
Dozens injured , child dead as 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake hits Indonesia's Aceh
Vitali was in his brother's corner as usual , and acted as cheerleader in the third round , urging on fans in the soccer stadium when the first chants of "Klitschko ! Klistchko ! stirred .
Yesterday , the police explained that officers shot and killed a 16 - year - old Kimani Gray in Brooklyn because he allegedly pointed a gun at the cops .
A shocking video released for the first time Thursday captures the moment a Brooklyn mother of 12 was killed in a gang shootout as she picked her daughter up from school .
Heydar Alishbandi , Governor of Qeshm island , said five villages had been badly hit , but the worst - affected areas appeared to be in the less - populated west .
Iran Villagers Shelter In Tents After Killer Quake
On Friday , 36 - year - old Duncan Rait died after slipping and falling about 200ft from a ridge near the Tasman Glacier .
A cagey opening round was followed by a scrappy second , as Klitschko twice wrestled Thompson to the floor .
“ We'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course . ”
"I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " said Bensu Elianita , a 22 - year - old resident in Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district .
Power was restored to the afflicted villages on the Gulf island of Qeshm after a blackout caused by the quake , which struck on Sunday with a force of about 6 . 0 on the Richter scale .
Results from a blood - alcohol test administered when Williams was arrested were released Wednesday , showing a level of 0 . 07 percent - - just under the state legal limit of 0 . 08 percent , California Highway Patrol Officer Brian Pennings told The San Diego Union - Tribune .
A convicted child molester who was supposedly confined to a wheelchair overpowered two prison guards today , handcuffed them , stole their weapons and walked off wearing one of their uniforms .
The actress , however , has since checked in to a different rehab but will not face a probation violation for leaving another treatment facility after a few minutes , a prosecutor said Friday .
Greek police clashed with protesters in the capital as tens of thousands of people joined a 24 - hour walkout .
She also was a favorite swimsuit pinup for GI's in World War II , and a refreshing presence among MGM's stellar gallery – warm , breezy , with a frankness and self - deprecating humor that delighted interviewers .
A goth was being questioned on suspicion of murder yesterday after his mother and sister were found dead at home .
The News reviewed the tape of the Q&A conducted in her apartment after the fatal shooting .
John Jenkin was arrested on suspicion of murder shortly afterwards .
Subsea cable operator , Seacom , announced on Twitter today ( 20 October 2011 ) that they have restored services to all customers using alternate routes , following an outage that was initially expected to take 12 days to repair .
The actress has left the Betty Ford Centre and gone to Malibu's Cliffside resort .
INS Sukanya detected five suspicious boats , speedily approaching the merchant vessels that the warship was escorting through the Internationally Recognized Transit Corridor .
Four men rammed their car into an up - market jewellery store in central Paris today , smashing the shop window and making off with a €2 million ( R26 million ) booty , a police source said .
Alaska lost part of its history on Tuesday , when a pre - dawn blaze demolished the old Matanuska Maid Dairy warehouse building in Palmer .
The actress , 26 , checked in late Thursday night , TMZ reports , barely making the deadline and dodging an arrest warrant .
In 2008 , Klitschko stopped Thompson in the 11th round .
And so were the two women she's accused of gunning down with a . 357 Magnum , just minutes after she'd been suspended and escorted from the building .
Twelve people were killed and 70 others were injured by a landslide or collapsing buildings in Bener Meriah district , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho of the National Disaster Mitigation Agency .
She hopped on a private jet Wednesday night , headed for Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , Calif . , a facility that does allow smoking .
Our reporter says he did not see any casualties , but Mr Lang , the commissioner of Pariang county in Unity state , said that 12 people had been killed and the death toll could rise .
According to the NYDN , LiLo showed up to Morningside at around noon , spent a couple of minutes there , got spooked by the paparazzi ( uh huh ) and then jumped back into her SUV .
Nearly three weeks after the Sixers ended their season , King decided to fire O'Brien , who still has two years and $8 million left on the contract he signed when he was hired by the Sixers on April 21 , 2004 .
Tens of thousands of striking workers and civil servants took to the streets and masked youths clashed with police in riot gear , who responded with steady rounds of tear gas and flash bombs which clouded the city centre .
ONE Australian and one English climber have fallen to their deaths in New Zealand , police confirmed today .
In 2004 , a magnitude 9 . 1 quake off Indonesia triggered a tsunami that killed some 230 , 000 people around the Indian Ocean .
According to MyBroadband , the largest IT website in South Africa , the problem was attributed to downtime experienced by the pan - African ICT enabler SEACOM .
Just last month , wide receiver Vincent Jackson , who was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , was pulled over for investigation of DUI .
In September 2009 a major earthquake near Padang city on Sumatra killed more than 1 , 000 people .
SEACOM has stated that the total repair time of the current problems they experience will be around twelve days depending on weather conditions .
His wife survived , but another inmate who tried to break up the attack also suffered stab wounds , and Comeaux was convicted of additional assault charges and received two additional life sentences .
The climber fell in fading light yesterday near the Mt Sefton Bivvy , and rescue teams were unable to reach him or his companions due to the weather .
It was said throughout the investigation and trial that Lopez and Carrasquillo were targeting members of a rival gang when Horton and the two other victims killed and injured in the crossfire .
Guilty verdict for murderer of Brooklyn mother of 12
The police source , who wished to remain anonymous , said the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store in the early hours of the morning and grabbed jewelry and luxury watches worth an estimated two million euros .
She said she sought out the three coworkers from her shift and opened fire .
It was the second death in the park in two days .
Klitschko put Thompson on the canvas with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American southpaw never recovered .
John Jenkin , 23 , was arrested near the terraced house where Alice McMeekin , 58 , and Katie Jenkin , 20 , and a dead dog , thought to be the family's pet collie , were discovered
Yvonne Hiller , a suspended Kraft Foods employee at the company's Philadelphia factory , returned Thursday evening , gunned down two women and leaving a man wounded with shots to the neck and shoulder .
Chargers ’ Jamal Williams Arrested For DUI
Three killed as rioters bomb Greek bank
The team ’ s general manager , A . J . Smith said that “ we ’ ll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course . ”
Described as a 6 - feet tall and weighing approximately 200 pounds , Lyons warned that Comeaux knows the area where he escaped well and could have family nearby .
Comeaux was serving a life sentence for indecency with a child , aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , it said .
When Monday's violence had concluded , the receptionist - - Madeline Kafoury - - was shot dead and two managers , Paul Riva and Alan Steinberg , were wounded .
Police were called by neighbours at breakfast time on Saturday after they heard piercing screams coming from the house .
Of course , football is the ultimate team game and fellow Charger Vincent Jackson was arrested last month for DUI as well .
In a statement released by the team , General Manager A . J . Smith noted , "It's disappointing to hear about the issue involving Jamal Williams .
The fire has destroyed a large section of the store and fire crews and investigators are still on the scene .
Half - brother Jonathan Carrasquillo is suspected of having directed Lopez to kill their enemies .
Since Comeaux's jailbreak , all visitors and employees at the Estelle prison unit are again subject to mandatory pat - downs , Lyons said .
Sheriff ’ s Deputy Shot and Killed
The woman who allegedly shot three co - workers — killing two– at the Kraft Plant Thursday night has been charged with murder , attempted murder , aggravated assault , burglary , and other related charges , says Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams .
Zurana Horton , 34 , a mother of 12 , was fatally shot in 2011 while picking up her daughter , 11 , from school
A large fire has destroyed much of a supermarket in Somerset .
Judge sentences Orozco to death
San Diego lineman arrested on suspicion of DUI
Williams was pulled over for speeding early Sunday on a freeway outside downtown San Diego , the California Highway Patrol said .
Dozens injured as 6 . 1 - magnitude quake hits Indonesia's Aceh
His brother witnessed the fall and had to spend the night in a hut before rescuers could reach him .
The heist near Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a string of high - profile robberies in Cannes .
Lindsay Lohan has checked out of the Betty Ford Treatment Center in Palm Springs after completing a 30 - day program , but she's not in the clear yet !
Police responded with barrages of tear gas .
A Brooklyn woman who claims she had a “ bird ’ s - eye view ” of the fatal police shooting of 16 - year - old Kimani ( Kiki ) Gray says the youth did not have a gun in his hand .
He'd been dropped off by helicopter with a group and was walking to a hut when he fell , sliding down a steep slope and over a cliff .
The tourist Island of Qeshm on the Persian Gulf and seven of its villages were most strongly affected by the quake .
Anger over the death of a Brooklyn teenager shot and killed by police fueled a riot on the streets of East Flatbush Monday — projectiles were hurled at cops , car windows were smashed and a pharmacy customer had a bottle bashed over his head .
A strong quake off the shores of Indonesia triggered a tsunami that killed 230 , 000 people in 13 countries around the Indian Ocean in 2004 .
At least 50 reported injured and buildings destroyed after a 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake strikes Sumatra's Aceh province .
Navy's frigate INS Sukanya intercepted 3 pirate ships and seized arms and ammunition from the pirates .
The family's border collie , named Fenn , was also found beaten to death in the backyard of the house .
Unfortunately , Morningside is unlicensed and photogs snapped her shopping for gadgets at the very moment of her alleged check in .
Klitschko put Thompson on the canvas with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American never recovered .
Kenneth Dorsey says the woman accused of killing two co - workers and critically injuring a third at the Kraft plant in Northeast Philly is a good person .
TRIAL DATE SET FOR MAN ACCUSED OF DOUBLE MURDER IN MILLOM
Jury shown horrific moment innocent mother is shot dead shielding her child when she's caught up in gang attack as she picks up daughter from school
Five bombs were dropped , of which four exploded , they told our correspondent .
Prosecutors have released new video in the trial of two men accused of killing a Brownsville mother of 12 in Oct . 2011 .
The fire that destroyed the original Matanuska Maid Dairy warehouse in Palmer on Tuesday took a piece of Alaska ’ s history .
Comeaux ’ s escape is all the more surprising since authorities had mistakenly believed he was paralyzed following a stroke , and was wheelchair bound .
As he spoke to the woman at the door of the apartment , the suspect in the previous day's shooting appeared and shot him in the head .
Jenkin , who was described as a Goth , was arrested nearby on suspicion of murder .
The New Zealander , who lived in Australia , had been been dropped off by helicopter and was walking to a hut when he fell in the Tasman Glacier area .
Two plainclothes NYPD officers shot and killed a 16 - year - old Brooklyn resident after police say he pointed a gun at officers on Saturday
Two buildings , one used by tax officials and another by regional authorities , also caught fire .
The escape happened near Baytown , Texas , about 25 miles east of Houston , it said .
Only about a week after Alaska officials formally moved to dissolve the last entity to run the historic Matanuska Maid Creamery , the historic structure which once housed part of that historic business burned to the ground in Palmer .
Actress Lindsay Lohan finally checked into court - mandated rehab at the Betty Ford Center late Thursday , after hiring former lawyer Shawn Holley for help .
Gunman Kills L . A . Deputy on Gang Duty
It shows her attempting to shield herself from the spray of bullets , and ultimately her fatally wounded body on the sidewalk .
The jury is still deliberating on Carrasquillo's verdict .
A jury has handed down a guilty verdict for one of the two men accused of murdering a Brownsville mother of 12 .
The strong 6 . 1 - magnitude quake left hundreds more injured as it rocked a region that was devastated by the quake - triggered tsunami of 2004 .
Esther Williams , the swimming champion turned actress who starred in glittering and aquatic Technicolour musicals of the 1940s and 1950s , has died .
The three bank workers - two women and a man - were killed when their branch went up in flames after a protester threw a petrol bomb inside .
Aceh , on the northern tip of Sumatra , is regularly hit by quakes .
Andrew Lopez , 20 , is accused of firing indiscriminately at rival gang members from a nearby rooftop .
Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . is a convicted sex offender serving a life sentence .
Ten people were killed and at least 50 injured when an earthquake razed mud - brick villages on the Persian Gulf island of Qeshm off Iran's southern coast Sunday , officials and state media said .
"I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " said central Aceh district resident Bensu Elianita to the Associated Press .
The earthquake knocked down power in rural areas , sinking them into darkness .
Indian Navy patrolling the Gulf of Aden yesterday thwarted a multi - boat attack by sea brigands on merchant vessels , apprehending 26 Somali pirates and confiscating arms and ammunition , in the fifth successful anti - piracy operation since September .
They were trapped in the stairwell of the 3rd floors while trying to flee the fire broken out two floors below .
Williams gave a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test , but the results won't be known for a few weeks .
The bombing was a result of the heightening tensions between Sudan and South Sudan .
Arrested by the CHP on suspicion of drunken driving , he was booked into county jail and later released on bond .
However , there have been no casualties or fatalities confirmed as a result of this bombing .
A government official initially reported deaths , but an American activist who spoke to aid workers at the camp later said there were no casualties .
He was serving a life sentence after being convicted in June 1998 of aggravated sexual assault out of Brazos County , located northwest of Houston .
War - Zone Athens : three people dead , many buildings burning as general strike march turns into a battle
Cumbria police have not revealed how the women died , although no gun was used in the murders .
Before he was fatally shot , Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz was looking for a man considered to be a "career criminal" and was hoping to arrest him on suspicion of attempted murder , officials said Saturday .
Lindsay Lohan's attorney said Thursday the actress checked into a Southern California rehab facility that a state official said is unlicensed to perform the type of treatment a judge required her to receive .
PHILADELPHIA 76ERS Fired Jim O'Brien , coach . Named Maurice Cheeks coach .
Surveillance footage , provided as evidence to the jurors , captures the horrific event as it unfolded .
Palmer Fire and Rescue Chief John McNutt arrived and saw fire under the eaves of the building .
I'm satisfied , " said the 36 - year - old Klitschko , who improved his record to 58 - 3 ( 51 KO ) .
Williams , 32 , was arrested around 1 : 30 a . m . Feb . 1 on state Route 94 on suspicion of drunken driving .
A Reuters correspondent heard a large explosion in the Yida refugee camp , then saw a crater about two meters ( 6 . 6 feet ) wide , an unexploded bomb wedged in the side of a school building and a white aircraft flying north .
Wladimir Klitschko won his 16th straight fight today , successfully defending the WBA , WBO , and IBF heavyweight titles against Tony Thompson , stopping the 40 - year - old American in the sixth round of a fight that was never really close .
The SWAT team apprehended Yvonne Hiller while she hid in a second - floor office and she has been charged with two counts of murder .
She said he had told health workers that he feared he would harm himself or someone else if he did not stay in a secure psychiatric unit .
LaCalamita is charged with first - degree murder in the death of Kafoury , 63 , of Warren .
One report said six children were killed and 14 trapped under debris when a mosque collapsed in Central Aceh .
Mark Jay Heller told a judge that Lohan was settling in at Morningside Recovery and argued that the actress should be allowed to stay until a judge approves her placement .
Prosecutors release new video in shooting trial of Brownsville mother of 12 , Zurana Horton
A strong 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake struck the northwestern Indonesian province of Aceh on Tuesday , the US Geological Survey said , sending people running into the streets in panic .
The government of Sudan bombed the Samaritan's Purse refugee camp in Yida , South Sudan , on Thursday , Nov . 10 , alleges the nondenominational evangelical Christian organization .
Minutes after a woman was suspended and escorted from her job at the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia , she returned with a . 357 Magnum and opened fire , killing two women and critically injuring a third co - worker before being taken into custody , police said .
The man aged in his early 30s fell about 600m while climbing near the Mount Sefton Bivvy on Saturday afternoon .
He was sentenced to life in prison for indecency with a child , aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , MyFoxHouston . com reports .
Australian , English climbers fall to their deaths in New Zealand mountains
Williams was booked into county jail and later released on bail .
"I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " said Bensu Elianita , a 22 year - old resident in Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district , adding , "Many people were injured but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . "
Williams , whose experiences as a young swimming champion led to a career of Hollywood “ aqua - musicals ” designed just for her , died yesterday in Beverly Hills , California , at the age of 91 , her spokesman said .
A refugee camp in South Sudan's Unity state was bombed on Thursday , South Sudan officials and witnesses said , threatening to raise tensions with Sudan .
Indian Naval Ship Sukanya , deployed on anti - piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden under the operational control of the Western Naval Command , thwarted a multiple - boat attack by pirates on Thursday and rescued 26 Somali crewmembers .
Police struggled to control a hostile crowd that broke away from a planned peaceful vigil for Kimani ( Kiki ) Gray , 16 , killed by police on Saturday night .
Another peace officer has been gunned down in cold blood .
In 2004 , a huge earthquake off Aceh triggered a tsunami that killed 230 , 000 people across Asia .
At the time of the escape , the inmate was in a wheelchair , which he claimed he needed to help move him around , officials said .
South Sudanese officials have condemned Sudan after an aerial bombardment of a refugee camp in their territory .
First came the shooting : an armed teenager killed by police officers on a darkened Brooklyn street .
Authorities said a witness called 911 to report the shooting , which occurred after Ortiz knocked on the residence's door , according to the sheriff's department .
A 5 . 9 magnitude earthquake has leveled seven villages in Iran's southern area , killing 10 persons and wounding other 70 , Iranian officials were quoted by AP as saying .
No tsunami warnings were issued following the quake , which injured dozens and damaged several houses in Takengon , the capital of Central Aceh district , AP reported .
Lindsay Lohan checks into rehab to begin 90 - day stint , lawyer says
The Texas Department of Criminal Justice has made sweeping leadership changes at a Huntsville prison where an inmate managed to get a gun that he later used to escape , the agency announced Tuesday .
Philadelphia 76ers President and General Manager Billy King announced today that Jim O'Brien has been relieved of his duties as head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers .
Gunfire was reported at about 3 p . m . in the Hawaiian Gardens area during an operation involving a uniformed gang enforcement deputy identified as Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz , according to sheriff's officials .
Brooklyn neighborhood on police lockdown following protest
Five people died and seven were injured in Aceh in the quake and following aftershocks .
Three people have died after rioters in Greece set fire to a bank in Athens during a nationwide strike against huge spending cuts aimed at rescuing the country's economy .
Chargers receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested for investigation of DUI on Jan . 6 , five days before San Diego ’ s playoff loss at Pittsburgh .
Comeaux , 49 , took the officers' weapons and handcuffed them together in the back of the vehicle before fleeing on foot at around 9 a . m . , Lyons said .
The 36 - year - old , who had been living in Melbourne , slipped and fell approximately 200 metres down a steep ice gully as he was approaching the Tasman Saddle Hut , police said .
He has also been charged with animal cruelty after the family dog was discovered dead .
Lopez , who was 18 at the time of the shooting , confessed to being the rooftop sniper according to initial reports by the New York Daily News .
The Sixers made a power move this offseason , firing head coach Jim O'Brien , who wasn't a Dalembert fan , and replacing him with Mo Cheeks , who is .
For the second time in less than a month , a member of the San Diego Chargers has been arrested on suspicion of drunk driving .
She has completed her course of treatment there and looks forward to continuing her treatment and building on the foundation established at Betty Ford , ” Holley said in a statement to Access .
Greek Prime Minister Calls Bank Workers' Riot Deaths 'Murder'
Millom double murder : Man charged with killing mother and sister
Rescuers were struggling to find the children still trapped after the mosque collapse in Blang Mancung village , Central Aceh district .
An orderly protest over the death of an armed 16 - year - old turned into a riot in Brooklyn tonight after young people started lashing out at NYPD officers .
Ryan Boyette , a former aid worker who lives in Sudan who is now leading a team of 15 citizen journalists , said he talked to five aid workers in the Yida camp , all of whom said that four bombs were dropped but that they caused no casualties .
In neighbouring Central Aceh district , 10 people were killed , 140 were injured and about 1 , 500 houses and buildings were damaged , Nugroho said .
The fire was knocked down by 6 : 40 a . m .
What started as a march , soon turned into a riot .
Last week's escapee from the Texas prison system is still at large and is now on the U . S . Marshal Service's "Most Wanted" list of fugitives .
Williams , one of the biggest box - office stars of the 1940s and 1950s , died peacefully in her sleep and had been in declining health due to old age , spokesman Harlan Boll said .
After she abruptly left a rehab facility in Newport Beach on Thursday , Lindsay Lohan has checked into the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage .
The earthquake reduced houses in parts of Aceh to rubble , set off several landslides and badly damaged roads .
A strong earthquake struck Indonesia's Aceh province on Tuesday , killing at least one person and leaving two others missing .
Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to keep a comfortable hold on his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts on Saturday .
In September 2009 , a major earthquake near Padang city on Sumatra killed more than 1 , 000 people .
Earthquake Of Magnitude 6 . 1 Strikes Indonesia's Aceh Province Killing One
MWEB updates customers on SEACOM downtime
She is interested in going back to Betty Ford because she knows everyone there . "
A man has been charged on suspicion of arson following a fire that devastated a Somerset supermarket .
State - run TV reported that the island's airport sustained minor damage , and part of a hospital collapsed .
"The 170 , 000 - square - foot building houses a number of businesses , including law offices , a State Farm insurance office and C&G Accounting , where the shooting was believed to have occurred .
Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Rehab in Newport Beach ; Investigation of Facility Pending
But Cheeks' return to the city where he was a four - time All - Star shouldn't come as a surprise .
Fire at Waitrose supermarket may have been arson
Waitrose in Wellington catches fire
Memorial for Kimani 'Kiki' Gray , who was fatally wounded by police Saturday after allegedly pointing a gun in their direction , turned ugly as nearly 100 angry mourners clashed with cops , tossing bottles and creating a melee .
Escape renews calls for prison agency shake - up
In April last year an 8 . 6 - magnitude quake struck 431 kilometres off Banda Aceh , prompting an Indian Ocean - wide tsunami alert .
No application for bail was made at yesterday's hearing and no plea was entered .
6 . 1 - magnitude quake strikes Indonesia's Aceh : USGS
Brooklyn riot over teen's death : 16 - year - old shot by cops did not have a gun , says witness
In an official statement from Seacom said that their initial estimates were that it would take 12 days to repair the cable , depending on weather conditions .
Murder trial ordered for woman accused in Kraft plant shootings
Wladimir Klitschko stops Tony Thompson to retain world heavyweight titles
Deadly fire - bomb hits bank during Greek riots
Gaskin said that other climbers attempted to rescue Rait by taking him down the glacier , but that he died on the way down .
Man charged with murdering mother and sister in Cumbria
The ship was escorting a group of five merchant vessels through the Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor ( IRTC ) when the bid occurred .
A hungry , wet and barefoot Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . was caught in northeast Houston , about 25 miles northwest of where he escaped , said Alfredo Perez , a spokesman for the U . S . Marshals Service .
Crews from Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue have tackled a blaze at a supermarket in a Somerset town .
We're certainly pleased with the fact that the investigation has identified Mr . Lopez and he's made statements and apparently made a full confession .
At least two other buildings , one used by tax officials , caught fire in other fire - bomb attacks on the margins of the protests .
He escaped last week while being transported from a prison in Huntsville to one in Beaumont , Texas .
Three die in bank during Greek riots
After the witness , who covered his face with a hoodie , was heard in an empty courtroom , the judge ruled he can testify in open court .
The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight .
Historic dairy building destroyed by fire
Steinberg was shot in the hip and has spoken to police about the attack , while Riva had not yet regained consciousness and was on a ventilator .
A police source reported that the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store in the early hours of the morning , grabbing jewelry and luxury watches before setting fire to the vehicle and escaping in another car .
There were varying reports of casualties , but none could be confirmed .
According to Texas authorities , the weapons conviction stemmed from a 1999 incident where he stabbed his wife 17 times while she was visiting him in prison .
Anthony LaCalamita III was found guilty of first - degree murder and assault with intent to murder in the shotgun slaying of 63 - year - old Madeline Kafoury and assault with intent to kill in the shootings of Paul Riva and Alan Steinberg at the accounting firm .
Unemployed John Jenkin , 23 , was arrested yesterday moments after armed cops arrived following a 999 call .
It was probably “ chance ” when the Wasilla Bible Church was burned , and arson was suspected .
Breaking : man charged with arson after fire at Waitrose in Wellington
Sixteen - year - old Kimani Gray was shot and killed on Saturday night after pointing a gun at two plainclothes officers who approached him , police said .
Krafts Food Shooter Yvonne Hiller Charged with Two Counts of Murder
Indian Naval Ship Interdicts Three Pirate Vessels In A Single Operation
This is affecting all SEACOM traffic to Europe .
Both had suffered head injuries .
In 2004 a massive tremor sparked a tsunami that killed 170 , 000 people in the province and tens of thousands more in countries around the Indian Ocean .
The old Matanuska Maid dairy building in Palmer was nearly destroyed by a fire early Tuesday morning , according to Palmer officials .
Philadelphia 76ers Fire Coach Jim O'Brien , Hire Maurice Cheeks
Comeaux was serving a sentence of life in prison for a 1998 aggravated sexual assault conviction in Brazos County , northwest of Houston .
Four men rammed their car into an upmarket jewelry store in central Paris on Monday , smashing the shop window and making off with a two - million - euro ( $2 . 6 - million ) booty , a police source said .
Esther Williams , who swam to stardom in the 1940's , dies at 91
It took place at 7 : 37 AM local time .
Sudan's armed forces denied they carried out the strike .
Esther Williams Dead : Technicolor Star Dies At Age 91
The Mean Girls star just checked - in to the Cliffside Rehab Center in Malibu , where she will receive extended treatment , TMZ reports .
Waitrose fire in Wellington town centre tackled
The fire was reported at 3 : 33 a . m . and is under investigation by the Palmer Police and the State Fire Marshal .
Lindsay Lohan's lawyer says the actress checked into rehab on Thursday , but the facility has not been officially sanctioned by the court that ordered her to serve 90 days of treatment .
Indian navy has foiled a piracy attempt on 5 Indian merchant vessels in international waters .
Orozco , 29 , was found guilty by the same jury last month of first - degree murder with the special circumstances of murder of a police officer and possession of a firearm by a felon .
Jury finds Andrew Lopez guilty in murder of Zurana Horton
Cheeks will be introduced as Philadelphia's 21st head coach at a Tuesday news conference .
Comeaux was given two extra life sentences after being convicted for stabbing his wife and another person in 1999 while she visited him in prison .
However , it remains unclear whether a judge will accept her placement at the center , whose location was not revealed publicly , the Associated Press reported , quoting her lawyer Mark Heller as saying on May 2 that prosecutors have not approved it yet .
No pleas were entered and a bail hearing was scheduled for Wednesday at Preston Crown Court .
A SAF spokesman denied the attack occurred .
The challenge now is to keep her there for the 90 days , " the source told us .
The fire was extinguished by 7 a . m . , after fire crews attacked it from all sides .
1 dead , 2 hurt in Mich . office shooting ; police say suspect had worked there
Breaking News - Three People Shot in Office Shooting in Suburban Detroit
Seacom operations fully restored : 4 November 2011
John Jenkin is due in court over the murders of Alice McMeekin , 58 , and Kathryn Jenkin , 20 .
In her statement , Hiller admitted killing two coworkers and seriously wounding a third .
A Kraft Foods plant worker who had been suspended for feuding with colleagues , then escorted from the building , returned minutes later with a handgun , found her foes in a break room and executed two of them with a single bullet each and critically wounded a third , police said Friday .
John Jenkin , 23 , had been sectioned after an apparent suicide attempt in the week before the double murder .
Department of Corrections spokeswoman Michelle Lyons said Thursday that the convicted sex offender was still on the run .
Jackson said in a statement at the time that he looked forward to proving his innocence .
Philly let it be known that O'Brien was fired , in part , because the Sixers are committed to Dalembert .
Four men rammed their car into the Casty store near Paris's chic Place Vendôme in the latest in a spate of high - profile robberies in France – most on the Riviera .
"Some more bandwidth was brought online last night [ 10 October 2011 ] bringing us up to 83% of our required capacity .
"It was a sudden attack that gave the deputy no chance . "
Lohan caused a stir on Thursday after she checked out of Morningside Recovery after only a few minutes , risking jail time with a probation violation .
Williams died early Thursday in her sleep , according to her longtime publicist Harlan Boll .
SEACOM said today ( 10 October 2011 ) that the total repair time of the current problems they experience will be around twelve days depending on weather conditions .
Smith didn't return a call seeking further comment .
The tremor also damaged hospitals on the island , including one which was reported to have stopped providing medical service .
Klitschko had beaten Thompson back in 2008 , mostly dominating that fight and knocking "The Tiger" out in the 11th rounds .
Video of Brooklyn Mother of 13 Zurana Horton shot and killed in a gang shooting was revealed Thursday , according to the N . Y . Daily News .
An 18 - year old male confessed to the gang related murder of a Brooklyn mother who tried to protect a group of school children from harm by shielding them .
"It's disappointing to hear about the issue involving Jamal Williams , " general manager A . J . Smith said in a statement released by the team .
Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to retain his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts on Saturday .
Williams' DUI arrest just the latest for Chargers
He was given a blood alcohol test but the results have not been revealed .
Vitali was in his brother's corner as usual , and acted as cheerleader in the third round , urging on fans in the football stadium when the first chants of "Klitschko , Klistchko" stirred .
Indian Naval ship , INS Sukanya , thwarted a piracy attack in the Gulf of Aden and captured three boats of the pirates .
His DUI arrest occurred five days before San Diego ’ s playoff loss at Pittsburgh .
Police said 12 people were injured in the riots .
This time , with Thompson four years older and having had no significant tests in the four years that had passed since their first bout , it wasn't even as competitive as it was the first time .
A firebomb attack on a bank in Greece killed at least three people today as police fought pitched battles with striking protesters furious at brutal budget cuts designed to avoid national bankruptcy .
The man is thought to have fallen much earlier in the day .
Lindsay Lohan is MIA after pretending to check into unlicensed Calif . rehab center
A preliminary hearing for John Jenkin , 23 , charged with the murders of his mum Alice McMeekin , 58 , and sister Katie Jenkin , 20 , took place at Preston Crown Court this morning .
A second man has fallen to his death in Aoraki Mount Cook National Park .
Klitschko stops Thompson in regulation win
Up the coast . . . the Philly Sixers canned Jim O'Brien [ who had been under fire all season ] and quickly hired Mo Cheeks .
Lindsay Lohan Check Into Betty Ford After Fleeing Other Rehab Facility
Wladimir Klitschko stops Tony Thompson in 6th round to retain world heavyweight titles
Robert Pitman , aged 24 and from Wellington , was charged with arson following the fire at the Waitrose supermarket in the Somerset town at the weekend .
TENET will continue to monitor and ensure that it is stable however , but from the looks of things traffic should now be flowing normally again .
White said he was "completely blindsided" by Lohan's placement at Morningside because Heller had previously agreed to send the actress to a different facility that had been vetted .
According to reports , a Muslim woman named Yvonne Hiller shot and killed two co - workers at a Kraft plant in Philadelphia .
A second mother who testified was shot in her arm as well as an 11 - year - old girl
Hooded youths hurled petrol bombs at stores and businesses in the center of the capital Athens and demonstrators tried to storm parliament during the general strike , as the rioting spread to the northern city of Thessaloniki .
On Saturday , 32 - year - old Englishman Robert Buckley fell about 600 metres ( 2 , 000 feet ) while climbing to a small hut on Mount Sefton .
Through the Chargers and the NFL , our players receive one of the most comprehensive education and support programs in sports to help them deal with issues that affect all segments of society . ”
A 32 - year - old British climber , described as "lacking experience" , dies after falling from a mountain in New Zealand .
FALLOUT CONTINUES AFTER BRAZEN ESCAPE
John Jenkin also faces an animal cruelty charge after the family's dog was also found beaten to death .
Also shot were a woman named Unique Armstead , who was walking near Horton , and an 11 - year - old girl who was passing by .
Lopez was allegedly targeting members of the Young Goon gang , who had a seven - year beef with the 8 Block crew he belonged to .
That arrest was just five days prior to the team's second - round playoff loss at Pittsburgh .
A magnitude - 6 . 1 earthquake struck Indonesia's Aceh province on Tuesday at 07 : 37 a . m . UTC ( 3 : 37 a . m . EDT ) , killing at least one and leaving two others missing , the Associated Press reported .
Thieves pulled off a two million - euro jewellery heist in central Paris on Monday morning after smashing their car through the store's front window .
Lindsay Lohan has checked into rehab in Newport Beach , Calif . , and will remain there for the time being , pending an investigation of the facility she chose .
As it is , the Chargers are still awaiting the disposition of a similar case involving wide receiver Vincent Jackson , arrested Jan . 6 in Clairemont on suspicion of driving under the influence .
TMZ reported Lohan was shopping at an electronics store while her attorney was in court , and that she never entered Morningside .
Judge Anthony Russell QC asked for psychiatric reports to be completed on Jenkin before the next hearing .
During the escape , Arcade Joseph Comeaux , Jr . allegedly produced a weapon and fired upon two correctional officers , took them hostage and forced them to drive to Baytown , Texas , where he restrained the officers in the back of the van , took their firearms and one of their uniforms .
Indian Naval Ship Sukanya , presently deployed on anti - piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden under the operational control of the Western Naval Command , found herself once again in the thick of things , thwarting a multiple - boat piracy attack on 10 Nov 11 .
"This was an assassination of a deputy , " Sheriff Lee Baca said .
Chargers receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested for investigation of DUI on Jan . 6 , five days before San Diego's playoff loss at Pittsburgh .
Fans and family mourn her passing , but Williams had a long , full life .
A candle light vigil turned violent Monday night in East Flatbush , Brooklyn .
Robert Buckley , 32 , fell about 2 , 000 feet while climbing to a small hut on Mount Sefton in the Aoraki - Mount Cook national park on Saturday , police said .
The suspect , Andrew Lopez , was among three teens arrested on Tuesday for the shooting that took place last Friday outside a Brownsville school that claimed the life of 34 - year old Zurana Horton .
A Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy interviewing a woman and a man outside a Hawaiian Gardens apartment was fatally shot Friday when a gunman burst out of the residence , put a handgun to the officer's face and fired , authorities said .
"Many people were injured , but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . "
He told the judge that LiLo was “ ensconced in the bosom of ” rehab this morning when she was really buying crap at Fry ’ s in Fountain Valley , CA .
This is the second DUI related arrest for the team .
'Untimely death'
Four men smash their car into a jewellery store before fleeing in a different vehicle in the latest high - profile heist in France .
O'Brien's stubbornness and seemingly unwavering belief in a system that didn't fit his players cost him his job despite a 43 - 39 record and a return to the playoffs .
A man who was fired last week from his job at an accounting firm in suburban Detroit walked into his former office with a shotgun on Monday and shot three people , killing one , before fleeing and leading police officers on a high - speed chase , the authorities said .
Protesters enraged over the fatal shooting of a teenager by police poured into Brooklyn streets for a third straight night Wednesday , pitching bricks , bottles and garbage in furious clashes with cops .
"SEACOM's partner network experienced a terrestrial fibre cut between Alexandria and the Suez this morning 16th August from 06 : 31GMT .
“ He was shot in the head and left dying on the ground while his killer ran away and tried to hide .
After skipping out on entering a Newport Beach rehabilitation facility and facing the prospect of arrest for violating her probation , Lindsay Lohan has checked into the Betty Ford Center to begin a 90 - day court - mandated stay in her reckless driving conviction .
Klitschko finished the fight five rounds sooner than when knocking out Thompson in the 11th of their first title fight in 2008 .
The family dog was also found dead .
Really , this move has been in the making for quite some time .
Deputy Luis Gerardo "Jerry" Ortiz , 35 , was shot outside a Hawaiian Gardens apartment building while investigating Jose Luis Orozco in connection with another shooting .
Powerful Quake in Iran Kills 10 ; 80 Hurt and 7 Villages Damaged
Trial Begins for Kraft Shooting Suspect
A powerful earthquake has hit southern Iran , killing at least 10 people , injuring dozens more and damaging several villages , officials say .
Andrew Lopez , 20 , was found guilty of slaying Zurana Horton , 34 , and wounding Unique Armstead , 32 , and Cheanne McKnight , 11 , in October 2011 as he targeted rival gang members .
The video shows Horton , a mother of 12 , on the street near a school immediately prior to the shooting .
An 18 - year - old gang member has confessed to killing a pregnant mom , who died on Friday as she shielded a group of children from bullets , but insisted he "did not mean to shoot the ladies , " sources tell the New York Daily News .
Wladimir Klitschko stops Tony Thompson in 6th round to retain world heavyweight belts
CHARGED WITH MURDER : What most of the liberal media won't tell you about the "very spiritual' female Kraft employee who shot three co - workers
City Attorney Weighs Filing DUI Charges Against Chargers' Jamal Williams
The shootings happened shortly after 8 : 30 p . m . Thursday .
PROVISIONAL TRIAL DATE SET FOR MILLOM DOUBLE MURDER ACCUSED
Nevertheless , on Thursday afternoon an Antonov bomber dropped four bombs on the South Sudanese area of Yida , hitting a refugee camp of roughly 21 , 000 people , some of them northern Sudanese who had crossed the border since the rebellion in Sudan began .
Overnight Fire Destroys Historic Matanuska Maid Building
Esther Williams , the swimming champion turned actress who starred in glittering and aquatic Technicolor musicals of the 1940s and 1950s , has died .
Three Killed In Athens Bank Fire Amid Strike
Yida is a camp of about 20 , 000 refugees from the Nuba Mountains region of South Kordofan , a state north of the border where rebels have been fighting Sudan's army since June .
South Sudan warns of war after Sudan bombs refugee camp
A MAN has been charged with the murder of his mother and sister in Millom .
Police said as many as 20 , 000 people took to the streets of Athens as rallies all around the country kicked off .
Seacom said that its cable network was successfully repaired on 29 October 2011 and all circuits were restored to the core network as of 4 November 02 : 00 GMT .
Now that the Dairy has burned , and foul play seems clear , there is an unmistakable pattern .
Add'l Horrific Charges ; D . A . Will Now Seek Death Penalty
Jewellery and watches worth £1 . 7m have been stolen during a heist in an upmarket central Paris shop .
Williams , 91 , passed away early Thursday in her sleep , according to her publicist .
On the streets of Athens , demonstrators chanted "Thieves , thieves ! " as they attempted to break through a riot police cordon guarding Parliament and chased ceremonial guards away from the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in front of the building .
"We have not been told when it will be fixed yet , it is in the hands of Telecom Egypt .
A fire - bomb attack on a bank in Greece killed at least three people Wednesday as police fought pitched battles with striking protestors furious at brutal budget cuts designed to avert national bankruptcy .
The shooting occurred about 3 : 10 p . m . in the 12200 block of 223rd Street in Hawaiian Gardens , a working - class city at the northeastern border of Long Beach that has long been plagued by gang violence .
Officer Ortiz was knocking on doors down in the city of Hawaiian Gardens looking for gang members and he was shot point blank range in the head by gang member Jose Luis Orozco .
A reporter heard a large explosion in the Yida refugee camp , then saw a crater about two metres wide , an unexploded bomb wedged in the side of a school building and a white aircraft flying north .
It comes a day after three bank workers died in a petrol bomb attack as demonstrations over the planned austerity measures turned violent .
Aftershocks jolt Iran's Qeshm island , death toll rises to 10
A petrol bomb hurled at an Athens branch of the Marfin Investment Bank killed two women and a man who were caught in the resulting inferno .
Powerful 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake injures dozens in Indonesia's Aceh province
Sheriff : Michigan office shooting kills 1 , injures 2
This frightening surveillance video was presented at the Brooklyn Supreme Court on Thursday during the trial of two men accused in killing Zurana Horton , 34 , a mother of 12 , in 2011 and wounding two others , including an 11 - year - old girl .
All Seacom traffic to Europe was affected by the break which happened on 8 October 2011 on one of their Mediterranean backhaul service providers' cables between Abu Talat and Marseilles .
"Zurana Horton became a victim of the senseless gang violence that plagues Brooklyn , " prosecutor Seth Goldman said at the start of the murder trial of half - brothers Andrew Lopez , 20 , and Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 .
Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Court - Ordered Rehab
Comeaux , 49 , escaped from a prison van in Baytown after he pulled a gun on two TDCJ officers driving him to another prison in Beaumont .
No arrests were made in that fire .
A man has been charged with arson after a fire at the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington , Somerset .
Celebrity website TMZ reported Lohan was shopping at an electronics store while her attorney was in court and that she never entered Morningside .
The woman who allegedly shot and killed two co - workers in September at the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia will face trial on multiple counts of murder and attempted murder .
To his credit , he managed to rise to his feet , but the referee then waved it off .
District Attorney Steve Cooley announced today that capital murder charges were filed against a Hawaiian Gardens gang member accused of gunning down Deputy Luis Gerardo ( Jerry ) Ortiz a month ago .
A man has been remanded in custody after being charged with the murder of his mother and sister in Cumbria .
Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Betty Ford Rehab – Where She 'Knows Everyone'
Video of Brooklyn woman's fatal shooting is played at trial of two men charged in rooftop gunplay
“ It ’ s disappointing to hear about the issue involving Jamal Williams , ” general manager A . J . Smith said in a statement released by the team .
Military aircraft from Sudan crossed the new international border with South Sudan and dropped bombs Thursday in and around a camp filled with refugees , officials said .
The violence in and near the Yida refugee camp , located 10 miles south of the border , came one day after bombings were reported in another region of South Sudan , an attack that provoked strong condemnation from the U . S . State Department .
The protesters launched rocks and petrol bombs at the officers , who responded with stun grenades and tear gas - filling Syntagma Square with chemical smoke .
Jose Luis Orozco showed almost no emotion throughout the three - week trial in which he was convicted of the 2005 murder of Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz .
A powerful 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake strikes the northern Indonesian province of Aceh , killing at least three people and injuring dozens more across the affected region .
Soldiers and police are leading rescue operations in Indonesia after a 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake hit Aceh province leaving 24 dead and over 200 injured .
Comeaux , 49 , was in a wheelchair Nov . 30 when he pulled a gun on two guards and fired it during a transfer from a prison unit in Huntsville to one in Beaumont .
A 36 - year - old man died about 11am on Friday after he slipped and fell about 200m down a steep icy gully .
A Waitrose supermarket in a Somerset town caught fire yesterday ( July 21st ) , causing substantial damage to the building ’ s roof .
His sister Katie and mother Alice McMeekin were found dead at their home in Millom .
Officials say at least 24 people were killed and more than 200 injured by the quake , which struck the western tip of Sumatra island on Tuesday .
People ran out of their homes when the quake hit , AP reported , citing residents of Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district , where the quake has led to a power outage .
Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Rehab at Betty Ford Center
“ Tonight was a peaceful vigil that devolved into a riot , ” Williams wrote .
Lyons said that Comeaux used a wheelchair in prison – he "claimed it was necessary for his mobility" – and added , "Since he fled on foot , that's obviously in question . "
It was a pretty morning in Palmer when a visitor to the Valley Hotel walked out at 3 : 33 a . m . and spied the deserted building nearby in flames .
John Jenkin , 23 , was remanded in his absence by Barrow magistrates , after the court heard he was deemed a risk to himself and potentially to others .
Andrew Lopez , 20 , is the accused gunman who sprayed gunfire from a rooftop .
It destroyed houses in the district , some 320 kilometers from the provincial capital Banda Aceh , and triggered several landslides .
Arson is likely , given the fact that the building was without electrical or gas connections and the fire broke out at 3 : 30 AM .
The California native , who once held the record in the 100 meter freestyle , was promoted as "the girl you will dream about ! " in the film that made her a household name , "Bathing Beauty , " which was released shortly after D - Day in 1944 , making her one of the top pin - up girls of U . S . servicemen serving in World War II .
ALASKA - Shortly after 3 : 30 Tuesday morning someone called 911 to and reported a fire at the Matanuska Maid building in downtown Palmer .
Andrew Lopez , 20 was found guilty in murder of Zurana Horton .
Billy King spun the 76ers' head coach revolving door again yesterday , pushing out Jim O'Brien after just one season and bringing in Maurice Cheeks , the popular former Sixers player and assistant coach , as O'Brien's replacement .
Three dead after fire - bomb hits bank during Greek riots
A refugee camp in South Sudan's Unity state was bombed Thursday , South Sudan officials and witnesses said , threatening to raise tensions with Sudan in the violence - plagued border region .
Thompson , who was the mandatory challenger nominated by the IBF , fell to 36 - 3 ( 24 KO ) .
A man suspected of shooting three people , killing one , at a suburban Detroit accounting firm from which he was fired last week was arrested after a high - speed chase a few hours after the attack this morning , authorities said .
An Indian warship on Thursday intercepted three boats with 26 Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden and foiled an attack on merchant vessels .
The camp , located in the oil - rich northern region of Yida , consists of over 24 , 000 refugees who have fled the heavy fighting of Sudan's South Kordofan region .
PROVISIONAL TRIAL DATE SET FOR CUMBRIA DOUBLE MURDER ACCUSED
INS Sukanya intercepts pirate ships , arms seized
Firefighters extinguished blazes at least two buildings the bank and a branch of the Finance Ministry while protesters set up burning barricades and torched cars and a fire truck .
Williams was initially pulled over for speeding on a freeway outside downtown .
Wladimir Klitschko retains titles stopping Thompson in six rounds
A provisional trial date has been set in the case of a son accused of killing his mother , sister and pet dog .
The Greek prime minister has denounced what he called the "murder" of three bank workers killed when the building they were in was torched during protests in Athens against harsh new austerity measures .
Gang member guilty in slay of Brooklyn mom of 12
According to the US Geological Survey , the quake hit at a depth of 10 kilometers ( 6 miles ) in the Northern Province of Aceh .
SEACOM experienced downtime this morning ; SEACOM explained that the downtime was most likely caused by a problem on SEA - ME - WE 4
Five dead , dozens injured in Indonesia quake
In a surprising move nearly three weeks following the end of their season , the Sixers fired Jim O'Brien on Monday after one season as coach and replaced him with Cheeks , one of the most popular players in franchise history .
He is the second Chargers ’ player within the last month to be arrested for DUI .
A strong earthquake struck off Indonesia's Aceh province on Tuesday , damaging houses and injuring at least five people .
Lindsay Lohan has left the Betty Ford Center and is moving to a rehab facility in Malibu , Calif . , Access Hollywood has confirmed .
Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to keep a comfortable hold on his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight titles Saturday night .
Masoud Dalman , head of Hormozgan province's emergency affairs , said several buildings on Qeshm Island were damaged .
'There ’ s a lot of anger here' : Riot breaks out in Brooklyn following candlelight vigil for 16 - year - old shot by cops
Yvonne Hiller , Accused in Kraft Shooting , Is A Muslim
He said the blood was drawn well after Williams' arrest , meaning he could have been intoxicated when when officers pulled him over for speeding in his 2008 Bentley .
Brooklyn Neighborhood Is 'A Powder Keg' After Teen Killed By Police
Chargers general manager A . J . Smith did not return a call .
The murder trial of a suspended female employee who allegedly shot and killed two co - workers two years ago starts Monday .
John Jenkin , 23 and from Cumbria , has been charged with the murder of his mother and sister .
"Zurana Horton became a victim of the senseless gang violence that plagues Brooklyn , " prosecutor Seth Goldman said during the murder trial of Lopez and Carrasquillo .
The City Attorney's Office is considering whether to file misdemeanor drunk - driving charges against Chargers defensive lineman Jamal Williams .
"The outage initially affected all SEACOM traffic to Europe , however SEACOM was able to restore some services by Saturday afternoon . "
Jurors on Thursday watched video capturing the horrific moment a mother was gunned down in broad daylight while picking up her 11 - year - old daughter outside a New York City school .
Nothing bad is going to happen . "
John Owen , the city's public safety director , says dispatchers got a call shortly after 3 : 30 a . m . Tuesday that the vacated building was on fire .
The governor of Qeshm island told the AFP news agency four villages had been destroyed and three people killed .
A repair vessel has been notified of the call - out and mobilization will occur immediately once permits are received , " SEACOM said in an official statement .
UNHCR condemns air attack on refugee camp in South Sudan
Because it didn't down here at Cell Block G . Dubai experienced a slight "tremor" today , after a more serious earthquake in Southern Iran , resulting in the evacuation of Emirates Towers and a few other scrapers :
Son suspected of killing mother and sister 'had begged to stay locked up in mental hospital'
Violence was also reported in Thessaloniki , where a further 20 , 000 people joined the city's demonstrations .
Jurors on Monday asked to review a video recording of Orozco boasting about the shooting to other jail inmates two weeks after Ortiz's death .
"Further restoration has continued throughout the weekend in cooperation with customers and partners and SEACOM will continue to actively work on securing additional capacity for all necessary services over the next day or two . "
Patrol vessel INS Sukanya was escorting the five merchant vessels through the Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor in the Gulf of Aden Thursday morning when the warship's crew noticed the five - boat pirate formation approaching the cargo ship group .
A man suspected of shooting three people at an accounting firm where he had worked was arrested a few hours later after a high - speed chase , authorities said .
Lindsay Lohan Checks Out Of Betty Ford Treatment Center And Into Malibu Rehab
In a statement to Al - Masry Al - Youm news paper , Mahmoud Al - Goweiny , a member of the National Telecommunications Regulatory Authority's board of directors said that the cable cut happened around the same time that a different cable , owned by Telecom Egypt , was also cut , affecting services in Egypt .
Police say two people have been killed and another wounded in a shooting at the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia .
Eight crews fought the blaze which broke out in the early hours of Sunday morning .
A spokesperson for The Los Angeles Superior Court confirmed to Access that a judge signed an order yesterday allowing the transfer to Cliffside , where she will continue with her 90 - day court - mandated rehab .
Williams was pulled over for speeding early Sunday on a freeway outside the city's downtown area , the California Highway Patrol said .
Jury deliberations are still underway for the second suspect , Jonathan Carrasquillo .
She survived the attack .
Klitschko , 36 , stopped the 40 - year - old Thompson with two seconds remaining of the sixth round in Switzerland to retain his collection of titles .
Yvonne Hiller , who has been arrested and charged with the Kraft shooting of her co - workers at Kraft Foods yesterday evening has been revealed to be a Muslim who was very spiritual .
“ The defendant ’ s custody status gave Sheriff ’ s detectives and our prosecutors in the Crimes Against Police Officers Section ( CAPOS ) additional time to fully investigate this murder and the case on which Deputy Ortiz was working when he was killed , ” Cooley said .
We will keep you updated on progress , " SEACOM tweeted at 09 : 30 this morning ( Tuesday 16 August 2011 ) .
The U . S . Geological Survey said the magnitude 6 . 1 quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers ( 6 miles ) and its epicenter was located 55 kilometers ( 34 miles ) west of the town of Bireun on the western tip of Sumatra island .
South Sudan Accuses Sudan of Bombing Civilian Camp Amid Fears of War
The first of the deaths this weekend was that of a New Zealand climber who fell on Friday morning .
South Africa : P2P Control Helps Overcome Undersea Cable Outage
A preliminary hearing for John Jenkin , 23 , charged with the murders of his mother Alice McMeekin , 58 , and sister Katie Jenkin , 20 , was heard in Preston Crown Court this morning .
He declined to say where Lohan is receiving treatment , but reports soon surfaced that she was at the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , Calif .
A total of 31 fire apparatus arrived to fight the fire , and it was extinguished by 6 : 40 a . m . The building is a total loss according to the City of Palmer .
Klitschko dumped Thompson onto the canvas with a booming right end towards the end of the fifth round of the fight in Bern , and from then on it was simply a matter of time before referee Sam Williams stopped matters .
Jury finds suspect in Troy office shooting guilty
The company which is a privately funded venture that owns and operates a submarine fiber - optic cable connecting communication carriers in south and east Africa , affected Mobinil , Vodafone , and Etisalat networks across parts of Alexandria and Suez .
One victim died in the Monday morning attack .
"A man suspected of shooting three people , killing one , at an accounting firm where was fired last week was arrested after a high - speed chase a few hours after the Monday morning attack , authorities said .
Large Riot Breaks Out In Brooklyn During Vigil For Teen Shot 11 Times By Police
A Philadelphia judge today found a former Kraft Foods company employee guilty of murder in a workplace rampage exactly two years ago in Northeast Philadelphia that left two women dead and a third employee wounded .
According to an aid worker with knowledge of the event , two bombs fell on an airstrip , one hit a school and one landed on a market , but did not detonate .
SEACOM started to experience problems on Saturday 8 October 2011 , caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat ( Egypt ) and Marseilles ( France ) .
The Reuters correspondent heard a large explosion , then saw a crater about two metres ( 6 . 6 feet ) wide , an unexploded bomb wedged in the side of a school building and a white aircraft flying north from the Yida refugee camp .
Four men rammed their car into an upmarket jewellery store in central Paris on Monday , smashing the shop window and making off with a €2 million ( $2 . 6 - million ) booty , a police source said .
Police said two women and one man died at a branch of the Marfin bank which caught fire after hooded youths broke a window and hurled petrol bombs inside .
Williams gave a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test , but the results were not yet known .
Esther Williams , whose experiences as a young swimming champion led to a career of Hollywood "aqua - musicals" designed just for her , died on Thursday in Beverly Hills , California , at the age of 91 , her spokesman said .
The trial is scheduled to resume Monday , with testimony from a man who claims Lopez's brother threatened to kill him ; he is reportedly scared to take the stand .
Cheeks said he would be , and King called him again yesterday and reached a deal after notifying O'Brien of his decision .
The court of claims denied the motions because there was a factual dispute concerning what constituted a material breach under the employment contract .
Gunman kills 1 , wounds 2 at accounting office
"The earthquake was really strong , and people poured into the streets in panic .
A convicted sex offender sentenced to life in prison pulled a gun on two guards during a prison transfer Monday and held them hostage temporarily before fleeing on foot in one of the guard's uniforms , authorities said .
While en route from the drop - off location to the hut he slipped from the ridgeline and fell to his death .
The police source , who wished to remain anonymous , said the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store in the early hours of the morning and grabbed jewellery and luxury watches worth an estimated €2 million .
Comeaux is accused of using a gun which was smuggled in to him for the escape .
Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , 49 , ran away on foot with the guards' guns and wearing one of their gray correctional officer uniforms , the statement from the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said .
By 6 . 30am the fire had been contained using water and foam and police had been called .
Williams in a bathing suit became a favourite pinup of US people in World War II , and her popularity continued afterward .
The murder trial for the suspended Kraft foods employee accused of shooting three co - workers , killing two of them , starts Monday .
Prosecutors say Andrew Lopez , 20 , an alleged 8 Block gang member fired the shots meant for rival gang members from the Howard Projects while his brother Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , gave the orders .
The quake hit inland at 0737 GMT at a depth of just 10 kilometres , 55 kilometres south of Bireun and 72 kilometres southeast of Reuleuet , the US Geological Survey said .
Indian ship thwarts piracy attempt in Gulf of Aden , 26 pirates arrested
Thompson last met Wladimir Klitschko in 2008 , when the American's challenge was ended in the 11th round .
Ten people are killed and about 50 hurt .
"Some internet users suffered problems with internet and mobile services , Osama noted .
Williams , 32 , was pulled over for speeding in his Bentley on State Route 94 around 1 : 30 a . m . on February 1 , but was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving .
Police intervened when more than a hundred people joined in a candlelit vigil in the East Flatbush neighborhood in Brooklyn , New York , where 16 - year - old Kimani Gray was shot 11 times by police on Saturday , according to RussiaToday
Legendary Aquatic Musical Star Esther Williams Dies At 91
At a hearing on Tuesday , assistant district attorney Gail Fairman described 43 - year - old Yvonne Hiller as a “ methodical killer ” who waved a gun within a foot of a security guard ’ s face to regain access to the plant less than ten minutes after she had been escorted out .
Tear gas drifted across the city center as rioters hurled paving stones and fire bombs at police .
The Aoraki Mt Cook Alpine Rescue Team have recovered the body of the second climber to fall to his death at Mount Cook National Park over the weekend .
Reports on Tuesday morning indicated that a fiber optic cable in the northern part of Egypt had been damaged , resulting in the loss of all telecommunications in Egypt's second largest city of Alexandria and parts of the Nile Delta region .
Another Charger , receiver Vincent Jackson , was arrested early Jan . 6 on suspicion of driving under the influence on state Route 52 near Interstate 805 .
The break in an undersea cable on that affected Seacom has been repaired
People also ran out of buildings in panic in the provincial capital Banda Aceh as the quake shook houses for around one minute , an AFP journalist at the scene said .
The epicenter of the quake was roughly 55 kilometers from the town of Bireuen , a regency of the larger Aceh province , and took place at 7 : 37 AM local time according to data from the US Geological Survey .
Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . is serving three life sentences .
At least five people were reportedly injured and 10 houses were damaged in Takengon , the capital of Central Aceh district , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho of the National Disaster Mitigation Agency .
Last year , a 6 . 4 - magnitude quake rocked the west coast of Sumatra Island , killing at least one person .
“ Deputy Ortiz was killed while investigating a shooting in which the defendant was a suspect , ” Cooley said at a news conference at the Bellflower courthouse .
Williams was pulled over by the California Highway Patrol for speeding in a San Diego freeway .
There appeared to be no casualties .
The judge should know to never ever trust a gnome with a law degree , because they are shifty shits and will lie to you with a twinkle in their eyes .
A fired accountant accused of wounding two former bosses in a shotgun attack and killing a receptionist who tried to stop him was arraigned Wednesday on murder and other charges .
After scooping up jewelry and watches estimated to be worth 2 million euros ( $2 . 6 million ) the thieves reversed their car out of the store and set fire to it before making off in another vehicle , Le Monde reported .
Although results are pending for the blood - alcohol test that Williams took , he has been booked and later released on bail .
The shooting then breaks out , with Horton pushing a child out of the way to take a bullet .
Lindsay Lohan rehires longtime lawyer Shawn Holley , heads to rehab
This was Klitschko ’ s second victory over Thompson , and with it he improves to 58 - 3 with 51 wins coming by way of knockout .
Orozco's death sentence will be automatically appealed to the California Supreme Court and he was ordered to be transferred within 10 days from county jail to San Quentin State Prison , where he will await his appeal on death row .
Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , 49 , is serving a life sentence for several charges – including indecency with a child – and was en route from the Estelle Unit in Huntsville , Texas , to the Stiles Unit in Beaumont , Texas , when he escaped just after 9 a . m .
Some protesters tried to storm parliament while others threw petrol bombs at police and torched buildings in protest against new austerity measures and a decision to raise taxes to meet the conditions of its international bailout .
In 1999 , Comeaux stabbed his wife during a visit , using his wheelchair to pin her against a wall while he stabbed her .
O'Brien , fired on June 8 , is seeking up to $6 million in a breach - of - contract suit against Ohio State .
Lindsay Lohan checked into the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage , Calif . , on Thursday night , for what is to be a three - month stay , her rep confirms to PEOPLE .
The decisive moment came at the end of the next three - minute stretch , the same punch again bringing Thompson to his knees and - despite beating the count - he was clearly too unsteady to continue .
Golden girl of screen and pool , Esther Williams , has died peacefully in her sleep aged 91 .
King said after the Sixers were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs by Detroit that he planned to bring O'Brien back .
This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by INS Sukanya in the course of her ongoing patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden that commenced in September , the navy said .
Both women were found dead at their home in Newton Street , Millom , Cumbria , on Saturday morning , with Mr Jenkin arrested shortly afterwards .
“ My client is ensconced in the bosom of that facility right now , ” Heller argued after a prosecutor objected to Lohan ’ s choice of facilities .
The heist near the upscale Place Vendôme is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes .
Initial indications were that the break would take 12 days to fix .
A convicted cop killer laughed Tuesday after hearing a jury's ruling that he be put to death .
A convicted sex offender who was the subject of a weeklong manhunt after pulling off a daring escape during a prison transfer was captured Monday after authorities received several phone tips , including one from a salesman who recognized the inmate outside his business .
A FIRE has badly damaged the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington's High Street .
The actress spent time at the Betty Ford Center in 2010 ; however , a member of the staff ended up suing her for assault .
"We take our stature in the community very seriously .
ITNewsAfrica that "a Telecom Egypt fiber line near Alexandria has been damaged resulting in loss of telecommunications for all three mobile operators . "
City Attorney spokeswoman Gina Coburn said the case remains under review and is being investigated further .
Teen Arrested in Shooting of Hero Brooklyn Mom
Charger Jamal Williams arrested on suspicion of DUI
Andrew Lopez Confesses To Murder Of Zurana Horton In Brooklyn Shooting
So far , 11 Estelle unit employees have been recommended for termination or faced consequences related to Comeaux's escape .
Man charged with arson over Waitrose fire in Wellington
Then came the anger : a Monday evening vigil marred by an unruly young mob thrashing its way through local businesses ; a second protest the next night ; and another on Wednesday night , after which , the police said , someone hit an officer in the face with a brick , another brick was thrown through the window of a police van , and there were 46 arrests — mostly for disorderly conduct .
Cooley said Jose Luis Orozco was charged with murdering the 35 - year - old deputy on June 24 outside a Hawaiian Gardens apartment .
Comeaux escaped Monday morning as transport officers tried to move him in a TDCJ van from the Estelle prison unit in Huntsville to the Stiles Unit in Beaumont .
Iranian earthquake tremor hits Dubai
Dozens "Riot" Over NYPD's Fatal Shooting Of Brooklyn Teen
Hiller is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly shooting and injuring a third co - worker .
Robbers crash 4x4 into store , grabbing jewelry and watches , before setting car ablaze
John Jenkin accused of Millom mother and sister murder
He was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , the CHP said .
Lindsay Lohan checked into California's Betty Ford Center rehab facility late Thursday , dodging arrest after whirlwind confusion surrounding the actress' whereabouts , sources told the Daily News .
The cause of the fire has not been determined .
A 23 - year - old man has been charged with the murders of his mother and sister .
Ten dead in southern Iran quake
The relative said he was sectioned under the Mental Health Act for attempting to slit his wrists and then allowed home again in the days before the tragedy .
Attorney Mark Jay Heller told LA Superior Court Judge James R . Dabney that Lohan , 26 , had checked into Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , CA , according to the Associated Press .
An undersea telecommunications cable cut on Tuesday partially blocked internet and mobile services in Alexandria and some other governorates .
The case was heard in his absence , and a provisional trial date was set for October 28 with a duration of three days .
Jamal Williams , the defensive tackle for the San Diego Chargers was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving early morning on Sunday , February 1 , 2009 .
The quake struck yesterday afternoon at a depth of just six miles and was centred on the far western tip of Sumatra island in Aceh province .
Lindsay Lohan checks into rehab at Betty Ford Center
Within a week of the dissolution of the last entity to run the Matanuska Maid Creamery , its building burned to the ground .
He was in prison after being convicted of aggravated sexual assault of a child and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .
AN EARTHQUAKE killed six children and left 14 others trapped when a mosque collapsed during a Koran reading session in Indonesia's Aceh province , bringing the confirmed death toll from the disaster to 11 .
The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight at 2 : 56 .
Wladimir Klitschko retained his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts by stopping American challenger Tony Thompson in the sixth round .
INS Sukanya foils piracy attempt in Gulf of Eden
It has been confirmed by publicist Harlan Boll that the 1940s Hollywood actress and record - setting swimmer , Esther Williams , died on 6th June in her sleep .
As many of you undoubtedly know there was a rather suspicious fire that burned the old Matanuska Maid Creamery to the ground .
Hooded youths hurled petrol bombs at stores and businesses in the centre of the capital , Athens , and demonstrators tried to storm parliament during the general strike , as the rioting spread to the northern city of Thessaloniki .
Police said two women and one man , between 30 and 40 years old , working for a Marfin bank branch choked on smoke after protesters broke the windows of a commercial building on central Stadiou Avenue and tossed in Molotov cocktails .
Deputy Jerry Ortiz was shot and killed after knocking on a door during an investigation .
Earlier this year , star receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested for drunk driving a few days before their play - off game .
Woman Convicted of Double Murder In 2010 Kraft Foods Rampage In NE Philadelphia
Rewards totaling $30 , 000 are offered for information leading to Texas prison escapee Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr .
Klitschko finally landed a long , straight right in the fifth , and the round ended with Thompson struggling on the ropes .
Thompson , the mandatory challenger nominated by the IBF , fell to 36 - 3 ( 24 KOs ) .
He survived the round , but by the end of the sixth frame , appeared mentally beaten and looking for a way out .
Earthquake Levels Villages on Iranian Island of Qeshm
No application was made for bail and no plea was entered .
The U . S . Marshals have added to their ” 15 Most Wanted “ list of fugitives a man serving three life sentences who escaped custody during his transport from Huntsville , Texas , to Stiles , Texas .
The New Zealand - born man , who lived in Australia , had been dropped off by helicopter and was walking to a hut when he fell in the Tasman Glacier area .
"The outage initially affected all SEACOM traffic to Europe , however SEACOM was able to restore some services by Saturday afternoon [ 8 October 2011 ] . "
He was said to have doted on his mother and younger sister , but the heavy metal fan was also obsessed with the occult .
Pennings said Williams gave a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test , but the results are not yet known .
The news agency also reported that one of the major hospitals on the island , in the village of Jeyhian , was destroyed and the village's power lines were cut .
Thompson briefly stepped up his cautious tactics when landing a left to Klitschko's face in the third .
A statement from the Defence PRO says the incident happened yesterday when INS Sukanya was escorting a group of merchant vessels .
Sacked worker shoots ex - colleagues
Detectives said Ms McMeekin and her daughter were found with head injuries .
“ It's disappointing to hear about the issue involving Jamal Williams , ” said General Manager A . J . Smith in a news release issued by the team yesterday .
A request to interview club President Dean Spanos was declined by a spokesman .
He had refused a Breathalyzer test and was given a blood - alcohol test instead .
The shooting happened moments after the employee , Yvonne Hiller , was suspended from her job at Kraft , where she ’ d worked for 15 years , the Daily News reports .
The City Attorney's Office was considering today whether to file misdemeanor drunken - driving charges against Chargers defensive lineman Jamal Williams .
Chargers' Jamal Williams arrested on DUI suspicion
"My client is ensconced in the bosom of that facility right now , " Heller argued after a prosecutor objected to Lohan's choice of rehab facilities . "
A British climber has fallen to his death in New Zealand .
"The SEACOM undersea cable , which provides a data link between South Africa , Europe and India , experienced downtime beginning on Saturday 8 October 2011 , caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat ( Egypt ) and Marseilles ( France ) . .
The cable cut happened around the same time that a different cable , owned by Telecom Egypt , was cut that also affected services , Egyptian authorities said .
Williams was booked into county jail and later was released on bail .
"We are working on having the remaining capacity restored during the course of the day , after which all traffic priorities will return to normal , " said MWEB Operations .
They'd suffered severe head injuries .
The service is now back online .
Three people have suffocated to death as a result of a fire in Marfin Bank during ongoing battles between anti - measure protesters and police in Athens .
A man has denied arson following a fire at a Somerset supermarket early on Sunday .
Cable cuts partially block internet , mobile services in some areas
Somali pirate attack foiled in Gulf of Aden
Meanwhile , local Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) who use bandwidth on the SEACOM cable have been scrambling to implement contingency plans to keep their customers connected" .
“ We ’ ll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course .
When he was arrested , he was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , according to the California Highway Patrol .
"Many people were injured but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . "
Miss Rachel Bates , court clerk , said : "He is at risk of causing harm to himself and causing harm to others as well .
Hutson said at least 15 , 000 refugees who fled violence in Sudan are living in the Yida camp .
The footage shows 34 - year - old Horton ( pictured ) picking up her daughter from school on October 21 , 2011 , in Brooklyn's Brownsville section .
Two men have died in separate climbing accidents at Mt Cook this weekend .
The other landed next to the school building where 300 students were attending class , but it did not explode .
Iranian rescue workers handed out blankets , food and water Monday to survivors of a powerful earthquake on a Gulf island that killed 10 people and forced villagers to spend the night in tents .
Robert Buckley , 32 , died while climbing to a hut on Mount Sefton in the Aoraki Mount Cook National Park on Saturday .
A PROVISIONAL trial date has been set in the case of a son accused of killing his mother , sister and pet dog in Millom .
Andrew Lopez was found guilty of second - degree murder and two counts of first - degree assault in the death of Zurana Horton .
Horton died instantly from a shot in the face and chest when she attempted to protect students from gunfire .
The Ukrainian world champion extended his unbeaten run to eight years by overcoming 40 - year - old Thompson in Berne , Switzerland on Saturday .
Police said two women and one man died at a branch of the Marfin bank which caught fire after rioters broke a window and threw Molotov cocktails inside .
Osama said the cut's effect in Egypt was limited , and there haven't been clear reports about a cause .
Ram - raiders ploughed their vehicle into an upmarket jewellery boutique near Place Vendôme in central Paris on Monday in a dramatic dawn robbery , making off with €2 million worth of loot .
CHP Officer Brian Pennings said that the blood had been drawn well after Williams' arrest , meaning he could have been intoxicated when officers had pulled him over .
In 2004 , a magnitude - 9 . 1 earthquake off Aceh triggered a tsunami that killed 230 , 000 people in 14 countries .
One place Lindsay is finding this particularly difficult though is at the Betty Ford Centre , where the actress has just finished 30 days' worth of treatment and has decided that the renowned facilities there won't be enough to keep her around for her court - ordered 90 - day stay in rehab , so she's gone elsewhere .
Comeaux was in a wheelchair Monday when he pulled a gun on two guards during a transfer from a unit in Huntsville to one in Beaumont .
As many SA gamers may have noticed , SEACOM is experiencing downtime again .
One of them told the judge he needed more time to investigate the place and the judge has given him a May 10 deadline , the news wire said .
Thompson was trying his best to survive , but then a vicious two - handed assault sent Thompson down for the second time .
Klitschko utilized good ring smarts and superior punching power to systematically break Thompson down .
After a quick survey of the scene , Owen said , McNutt's main concern was keeping the fire from spreading to the heating oil stored next door at the Crowley fuel distribution center .
Mr Buckley's death came a day after 36 - year - old Duncan Raite died when he slipped and fell around 200ft from a ridge in the same national park .
Osama attributed these problems to the Telecom Egypt cable cut , which affected Etisalat Egypt and LINKdotNET , two of Egypt's largest internet services providers .
Lindsay Lohan has checked into a rehab facility to begin a 90 - day court - ordered stint , handed down as part of a sentence for a 2012 car crash case .
Horton , 34 , was walking with one of her 12 children when Andrew Lopez , 20 , fired from the rooftop on the orders of his brother Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , prosecutors charge .
Whitmire questioned why several prisons , including the Estelle unit , stopped searching visitors two months before Comeaux's escape and moved to random pat - downs .
The District Attorney's office says in a release that the jury found Jose Luis Orozco , 29 , guilty of 1st degree murder , attempted murder and posession of a firearm by a felon .
A Norwalk Superior Court judge on Thursday upheld a jury's recommendation that convicted cop killer Jose Luis Orozco die for his crimes .
Monday's shooting follows two last week in public places in Atlanta , Georgia , and Seattle , Washington .
Thompson never recovered from a big right hand from Klitschko near the end of the fifth round .
The 6 . 1 - magnitude quake struck Qeshm island , home to 120 , 000 people , and the city of Bandar Abbas , state media said .
It hit at 1 : 53 p . m . local time and was followed by at least four strong aftershocks , IRNA reported .
Gaskin said that other climbers attempted to rescue Raite by taking him down the glacier , but that he died on the way down .
He submitted to a blood - alcohol test , but it will take a few weeks for the results to be completed .
Female Employee Yvonne Hiller Kills Two In Kraft Shooting
Mr Jenkin , of Newton Street , Millom , who arrested an hour after the bodies were discovered in a distressed state , has also been charged with animal cruelty .
Mich . accountant charged with murder in office shootings
The heist near the upscale Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes .
A Texas inmate escaped from a prison van near Houston after pulling a gun on two guards who were transporting him between prisons , according to a Texas prison statement Monday .
A gang member was convicted Tuesday for claiming the life of a mother of 12 when he sprayed 13 bullets from a Brooklyn rooftop in broad daylight .
The cable system went down on Saturday 8 October 2011 , and initial feedback suggests that the downtime may last for a few days .
MUST SEE : Navy pins down Somali pirates in heroic face - off
The three bank workers a man and two women died after demonstrators set their bank on fire along the main demonstration route in central Athens .
The police source , who wished to remain anonymous , said the men drove a large 4×4 car into the store in the early hours of the morning , and grabbed jewellery and luxury watches worth an estimated €2 million .
Telecom Egypt , the country's state - owned fixed line monopoly is responsible for all ADSL Internet connections and the three mobile operators in Egypt their infrastructure for connectivity .
A fire on Tuesday destroyed Palmer's historic Matanuska Maid Dairy warehouse building , which was built in the 1930s when colonists arrived from the Midwest to try their hand at farming in Alaska .
Tonight , a crowd gathered to mourn his death—and protest police treatment .
Climber dead after Aoraki Mount Cook fall
Submarine cable problem disrupts telecom services in Alexandria
Klitschko vs Thompson II Results : Wladimir Klitschko Cruises Again , Wins in Six
Brooklynites on Twitter reported that police followed the march and searched apartment buildings in the neighborhood without warrants , looking for children who had been seen throwing bottles at police from neighborhood rooftops .
British climber dies in New Zealand fall
We take our stature in the community very seriously . "
Smith's statement served as the only comment from the Chargers .
Greek anti - austerity march erupts in violence , 3 dead
King said he decided on Saturday to fire O'Brien , and then checked with Cheeks to see if he'd be interested in the job .
'Several die' in south Iran quake
Hiller told homicide detectives that her mounting frustration finally culminated in September , when she went on a shooting rampage through the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia , where she had worked for 15 years .
An office worker in Dubai said the tremor lasted 30 seconds and was strong enough to shake buildings along the skyscraper - lined central business district .
As fights between cops and angry teens erupted in East Flatbush , 46 were arrested Wednesday night .
Comeaux was in prison after being convicted of aggravated sexual assault of a child and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon .
